This was the third one I purchased as my other two just stopped working after 2 seasons . This one did n't even last this season . not wasting any more money on these things .	-1
I bought this to relocate my hose reel in the backyard , and it has proven to be a decent buy . I have had no issues with leaking , and that 's all that I can really ask for here .	1
These are much smaller than I expected , I did not read the description well , I guess . But I love them anyway they are perfect for getting into the little tiny holes of the hummingbird feeder to clean them well . I was using a pipe cleaner before , but these are reusable , so they are perfect for the job !	1
I thought I just had a ground squirrel or two eating my plants ... I received this trap on Monday . Caught one squirrel Monday night , two squirrels Tuesday , four on Wednesday . Today I am told there was one squirrel in the trap and eight more trying to spring their comrade ( trying to dig him out ) . Apparently my property is paradise on Earth for the Antelope Ground Squirrel.I wo n't be buying any more of these traps ( I do n't have the time to move 10,000 ground squirrels ) , but it is very effective . While it looks awful , I think we 'll be putting a layer of chicken wire or hardware netting on the bottom half of our 4-foot wire fence . Then we 'll use this trap on a case-by-case basis.By the way , Antelope Ground Squirrels like peanut butter , green and red grapes , corn and Ritz crackers .	1
Easy to use and apply , this is a great way to keep deer and other woodland pests away from your prized garden items.Setup is a snap , simply connect the trigger to the bottle , and begin applying . It is batter operated so simply pulling the trigger sends a steady stream of the product , an adjustable nozzle allows you to apply anything from a light mist to sharp stream . It goes on easily , though after several days , especially after rain , you would have to reapply it . It contains hot pepper extracts so there is a bit of a smell associated with it , it is tolerable , especially since you know that smell means the sweet smell of deterred deer .	1
What can I say about chain oil ? I works to lubricate the chain on my small chain saw , and that 's what it 's supposed to do .	1
This attractant works excellent for YJ 's and I have been using Recue successfully for several years . Easy to place and reusable units and these cartridges can be easily resused by adding liguid from the less expensive plastic refills . However , I believe these cartridges last longer and are a better value . Great price at Amazon . Must be used in the effective Rescue canisters . They really work great ! ! Highly recommend ! Great and effective product for YJ 's only . No food attracts hornets and really foul smelly stuff attracts flies , but this is great for YJ 's . Other wasps and hornets are attracted to the activity but they like fresh meat/bugs . Fly catchers ( stinky bags ) attract hornets and wasps to the live bugs . I have used these for many years . Use these units with the larger 10 week cartridge , and place the small pack bait ( available at Amazon ) on it when it gets weak , reuse with this type of cheaper bait in the larger cartridge each year , but check that there are no webs covering the bottom holes and/or internal cone hole , or YJ 's will leave . It works very well to catch queens looking to build nests in April , and keep them out until Sept. to get workers of queens that were missed . Very effective . Move to another location if no luck in 2 weeks , or if very few are caught . Load indoors or after sunset , or you might get stung . Hint , this old fish smell works well in the spring , sweet attractant works better before hybernation in the fall in a different type of catcher ; one you can put juice , beer , or other sweet attractant , with a drop of soap , recharge with water but add a drop of non-fragrant dish soap as it evaporates .	1
I am glad this rack has casters which makes it easier to move around . The roof of my tool shed is low and I have to move it out from under the roof to store and remove tools . It is an excellent accessory to contain a number of tools in a small place .	1
The hatchet is just the right size and comes with a safety cover which was a nice surprise . It has a good grip and feel . Like all fiskars products I feel confident in using it due to their lifetime warranty . I would definitely buy/ recommend this hatchet .	1
I 've used every mouse trap on the market over the past 20 years , so I have a pretty good perspective on which ones are most effective ( at least for New England mice ) .I tried this electronic trap in a an attic where several other types of traps are also installed and catching mice . The electronic trap never caught a single mouse . Eventually the batteries died . Between the zero success rate , and the need to feed it batteries , I put this model at the bottom of the list of all the different types of traps I 've tried.The old fashioned snap traps are the cheapest and most effective traps . Unfortunately , they also come with significant drawbacks : They 're unpleasant to deal with after you 've caught a mouse , you ca n't use them where children or pets might find them , and they 're a little tricky to set . Glue traps have similar pros and cons , and they have the further disadvantage of seeming inhumane ( even if you do n't have an emotional attachment to mice ) .The best trap I 've found , by far , is the Victor `` Tin Cat '' model . It 's a metal box with one-way trap doors . Mice seem to find it irresistible , and it can catch several mice in one night ( in fact , it 's almost as if the first mouse in the trap attract others ) . The biggest downside is that it 's a `` live catch '' trap , so you have to check it every day and then take it far away from the house to release the mice .	-1
This feeder works well for the birds as you can attract all typed by putting the sweet cakes and the seed into it . The downside is squirrels will have access to this unless you hang it on a pole and put a round shield underneath to keep them out but if you do this , you should have no issues with squirrels getting in . The wood fades it color a little as well in the weather , so I would suggest putting some wood protecting stain/sealer to keep it looking nice all year round .	1
One room with hardwood floors where I kept a rescue cat and her kittens became infested with fleas . Treated the mother and kittens with Advantage II when they were weaned , and removed them from the room . The boxes and bedding I had in there for them was thrown out . There is nothing on the floor , no curtains , no furniture , no rug , just an empty room . Seems like that would be easy to rid of fleas , right ? I vacuumed then sprayed every square inch of the floor , including window sills and into the baseboards . Some fleas died but the next day there were still live fleas jumping around . Vacuumed every other day . Mixed Suspend with Archer which is supposed to keep the flea eggs and larvae from hatching . Still had fleas live through it and hatch out . Sprayed a third time , this time with 3x the amount specified of both chemicals mixed with water . It has been almost a month and that room still has fleas ! That room has been completely locked up and empty other than my vacuuming and spraying episodes . This is just pointless and a waste of money , and made my stomach upset for days after spraying it despite using proper ventilation , and wearing rain boots and rubber gloves . *UPDATE : If you are reading this , you are looking for a solution to your indoor flea infestation . I want to share what I finally found that did work ! I mixed three chemicals together at the recommended levels with water:1 ) Talstar Pro insecticide ( active ingredient : 7.9 % Bifenthrin ) 2 ) Dominion insecticide ( active ingredient : 21.4 % Imidacloprid ) 3 ) Nyguard IGR ( active ingredient : Pyriproxyfen ) First let me warn that Talstar is not recommended for broadcast spray indoors , however I was willing to try anything that might work . Talstar is a very strong insecticide . Dominion contains the same chemical used in Advantage topical flea treatment ( do NOT use Dominion on pets though ! ) . Nyguard stops eggs and larvae from hatching.To mix and spray these chemicals , you must wear a respirator mask and I recommend wearing long pants tucked into rubber rain boots , long sleeves , goggles , and elbow length chemical-resistant gloves . You should crack the windows to ventilate and keep pets and people out of the treated room . After the first spray with this mix , nearly all fleas were DEAD that day ! A week later , only a few flea eggs had managed to survive and hatch , and the second spray eliminated them . No return of fleas ! Just for good measure , I sprayed a third time ( all 3 spraying were 1 week apart ) , and I left the room with the residue on the floor for several weeks after the last spray . Just be safe I mopped the floors with pinesol twice to remove any trace of the chemicals before allowing any pets to enter the room . This long process may be overly cautious but I did n't want any possibility of a reinfestation by mopping too soon , and I would n't take a chance of poisoning to my pets !	-1
I ordered two and neither will hold air ! Waste of time and effort trying to get replaced . Sorry I could n't give it a one star review .	-1
Buzz , my Anna 's male hummer who has claimed my yard and this feederas his own , seems to like this feeder . I have two now , I rotate them each weekas I clean , refresh them . They are a bit hard to clean , I use a toothbrush to cleanthe feeder part . The newer one is a bit different than the one I got a couple years ago , the perches do n't seem as good , seem a bit short , but , it works so far . Price is rightanyway , especially if you only have one or two hummers that use it .	1
this works great wish the tray was a little bigger & deeper but still gets the job done like that its stainless steel worth the money .	1
Probably the best grill for this price range ! Got one for my parents and compares well with my Weber 18 '' for grilling ! My only nit pick are the legs ! You may have to tighten them down from time to time to keep the wobble out ! But , back to grilling ! This is one nice little unit , burgers and steaks cook up quite nicely ! The secret is knowing how to use the upper and lower vents for heat and smoke adjustments ! Once you have that down , you can whip up some serious munch with this puppy ! Have done some excellent k-bob 's and burgers and steaks have come out just as nicely ! Have used Webers hickory chips for smoked meats and the flavor was delicious ! After each use , clean out ashes and you will have consistant bbq ! Put a piece of aluminum foil in the ash pan to catch the ashes ! Wrap it up and dispose of neatly . To help season the upper and lower grills and get rid of that metal taste and smell , I placed the grills in my oven ! Preheated to 325 degs . and baked for about an hour ! House stunk like hot steel for awhile , but no metal taste , the first time I used this grill !	1
I got this product for one thing only , to keep the squirrels off of my bird feeder . Not the actual feeder , but the long pole from which the feeders hang . If I was sure it would n't deter the birds , I would put it on the feeder itself . The problem is , it has been raining in Georgia almost every single day for the last two weeks , so I do n't know how effective it is . I have n't seen the squirrels climb up as normal , but I 'm not sure if it 's just because I throw a slipper at the window and they 've associated the feeder with a loud noise , or if it 's because of this product . I promise to come back and update when we have consecutive rainy days !	1
Thank goodness for Amazon Prime because it totally , completely just stopped working the 2nd time I used it . Beware , I am very disappointed , I had hopes of years use with it . I had to come back to alter the rating because the 1st time was great . Urgh !	-1
This is one of the worst bird feeders I 've ever bought . It allows the birds to waste seed and the top does n't stay seated .	-1
This kit is a great value and super easy to use . I love that they include a little packet of info on suggested Ph values for certain plants and veggies . Awesome ! ! !	1
These mosquito dunks work ! I purchased them for a small , outdoor fountain that we have sitting amongst our large blue hostas . We only need about 1/4 of a dunk so we break it & put it in the fountain . It will usually separate so there are several small pieces of mosquito dunk that float around in the fountain . We do n't like the looks of it so we 're considering putting the dunk under the removable top piece of the fountain . Rain will cause the fountain to overflow & we 'll have to replace the mosquito dunk more often because it 'll float right over the edge . I also use a small amount in the saucer of my outdoor plants . So far so good , I have n't seen any mosquito larva in my fountain this year . Locally , I saw this product for between $ 9 & 10 dollars .	1
So , we keep fruit and veggies in wire bowls on our kitchen counter . We had a fruit fly problem recently as a result . I was thrilled to receive this , in hopes that it would make a bigger dent in our fruit fly problem than our current strategies / actions / solutions . Sadly , it did not.Now , it definitely DID catch fruit flies - just not enough to really matter , not particularly quickly , and not in the same quantities as basic homemade solutions did.On the whole , I was disappointed . Compared to putting some wine in a clear container , sealing it with Saran wrap , and punching a few holes in the Saran wrap for the flies to get in ( but not out ) , this product just did n't hold up . In one or two days of the homebased solution we caught multiples of the fruit flies we caught using this Terro Fuit Fly Trap . Plus , the Terro trap is a one-time only / disposable deal , which is n't exactly my favorite thing.So , while it did work somewhat , it really was n't enough for me . I was n't impressed . So , I 'm giving 2 stars - it worked , a little , but not enough for me to purchase in the future .	-1
If you smoke meat , these gloves are a must . They are food grade and insulated.Allows you to handle the meat in the smoker without using tongs or heaven forbid , forks ( bad word ) .Always put a cuff at the bottom , unless you like the feeling of meat juice running down your arms.Easily cleaned , mild soap and water.A little stiff due to the thickness of the coating and insulation , but nothing to complain about.I store mine in a gallon baggie . Note : Fold gloves and put a paper towel over the outside of the glovesbefore trying to put them in the bag . Try it without the paper towel and you will quickly know what I mean .	1
Maybe my New Mexico critters are used to spicy food ( this is the home of green chile after all ) and the capsaicin and black pepper in this product just made them want to grab some chips and dig in . I put this around 2 rose bushes that the rabbits and ground squirrels have been chewing on.The squirrels and rabbits happily snacked on my roses with this product applied liberally to the area around the rose bushes . I watched them sitting on the product , eating my rose bushes.Perhaps they tested this on squirrels and rabbits who have no taste for chile . Mine were yelling for me to throw out some tortilla chips .	-1
Fiskars badly missed the target on this one . Kudos to them for trying to fill the niche though , but in all honesty , this is almost as bad as having nothing at all . Yes , it does work , but not very well . Yes , it 's sharp out of the box , but wo n't stay that way for long . I 'll take a wild guess and say that no one in their R & D ; department actually used the finished product . If they did , they 'd realize that it 's an effective trimmer for 10 sq feet of grass ( maybe less ) . After that , ergonomics , build quality , and most importantly , fundamental design flaws reveal how a great idea can become a poorly executed product.First , the blades need to ride above the grass by way of wheels or some sort of slick bump underneath . Second , the steering knob needs to be larger , adjustable , and attach to the pole instead of the top handle . Third , the gauge of wire should be beefed up - there 's too much flex in the existing one . Fourth , the pole should be at least 4 '' longer . Fifth , the quality of plastic could be upgraded for use in a harsher environment ( or dispose of plastic altogether ) . Lastly , the blades should at the very least , be made out of steel -- bonus points for drop forged and hardened ! I completely understand the price point vs quality quandary manufacturers face , but here they really took the low-end , budget approach . It seems Fiskars tried to implement their fine line of inexpensive scissors to the lawn/garden environment . The quality of materials is perfectly suited for indoor gardening , but who here has a living indoor lawn ? I guess we 'll have to give it a little more time before human-powered lawn equipment becomes available in a wider selection and price points . I 'd definitely be one of the first in line for a better version .	-1
Most of my lawn gear is gas powered . I have recently invested in both battery and electrical tools . Like all homeowners I 'm always looking for something that does the job better . Though B & D ; owns just about everybody including DeWalt , the brand has never been known as a serious player in lawn gear and power tools . I signed on to test several Black & Decker lawn tools . After four weeks use these are my thoughts on this product.This model comes with ( 1 ) 36 volt lithium ion battery , charger , blow tube , leaf bag , vacuum tube and a two year warranty . Let 's face it . Black & Decker will never win any awards for providing outstanding instructions . Still , out of the box assembly takes seconds . Just snap the nozzle pieces together , lock it into the slot and you 're in business . Fully assembled this unit measures 37 '' long from butt to nozzle tip . With the battery on board the total weight is easily a little over 5 lbs . Unlike my older blower I like the comfortable soft grip feature on this model.This unit operates off of a B & D ; 36 volt lithium ion battery . The battery is outfitted with an onboard power indicator . The power switch is ideally mounted and simple to use . With a flick of the thumb you 're in business . The multi level power switch is also sweet . Just keep in mind the higher the number the less juice users will have in the end . Fully charged I get almost an hour before a noticeable drop off in power . I do enjoy the low noise feature . Make no mistake , this model does suck down the juice . Unlike other B & D ; lithium ion batteries , this battery takes about eight hours to charge . Even after eight hours charging , the battery 's onboard indicator still shows that the battery is not fully charged . For me that 's unacceptable.The blower feature works like a charm . Its not going to beat my gas powered one , but it does perform . It easily took care of my sidewalk , driveway and back patio will no real issues . It also does well clearing small water puddles on the walkway . Conversion to vacuum mode is just a matter of screwing off the intake cap and attaching the leaf bag . Changing out the vacuum tube took a little bit longer and required a rubber mallet to slide into place . Like most of the newer leaf vacuums , the bag is a too small . Its been all miss when it comes to vacuuming leaves.For small properties this tool as a blower works well . The problems that I have encountered with the battery combined with the overall performance of the vacuum feature lowers the rating of this product . Even with a second battery the leaf vacuum is n't going to win me over . Still a second battery is a must if this tool is going to be the primary blower . Overall , I like the direction that Black & Decker is taking with their new lineup of garden tools . Obviously this one needs a little more fine tuning . Its definitely a work in progress .	-1
Works probably too well . It kept the birds off my plants but I was n't sure how to get the tangled bird out of the netting . Plus his bird buddy kept trying to kill me to protect his friend . The bird finally worked itself free so it ended OK I think . Just know you might need a rescue plan if you use this in a high bird flying zone .	1
For years , I 've been using a larger 22 '' weber grill , but when I moved recently I decided to get one a bit smaller to conserve charcoal . After doing quite a bit of research and reading reviews , I decided to go with this Smokey Joe Silver . It is absolutely unbeatable , and I would have paid double for it without blinking an eye ! While it does n't have an adjustable-height grilling surface , it 's quite easy to properly place the charcoal in such a way that you get exactly the heat you 're looking for . I 've been able to sear fish , or slow-cook buffalo wings , just by estimating the charcoal amount and placement . I should also note that I usually use the lump type charcoal , not briquettes , and both work equally well in this grill . Cleaning is a breeze , and so far after using it 12+ times since I got it a couple weeks ago , has n't even come close to needing it.As far as build quality goes , I really like the solid feel of the grill overall , but the legs could stand to be a bit sturdier . They are n't as weak as some reviewers have said , but it certainly is the weakest point of the grill as a whole . The plastic handle has never gotten too hot to handle , not as some reviewers said . The diameter of the grill could stand to be about 1/4 '' larger , to keep it from wiggling around so much when you 're brushing it . The vents constructions seems fantasic , they are easy to open and close , yet stay put when you need them to . Having easy access to both top and bottom vents allows for lots of experimentation with cooking temperatures . I love this grill to death , and I point out that fact to my fiance every time i use it ( `` see , i told you this thing is friggin ' awesome ! '' ) . Even when I buy myself a much larger charcoal grill in the near future , I will still use this grill every time I 'm only cooking for 1 or 2 people .	1
We built a home that is near a protected wildlife area and had a real problem ( yard is unfenced ) with deer , rabbits , and not sure what other wildlife , munching down our landscaping pretty much constantly . Fencing would ruin the natural setting we enjoy , but we were definitely losing the landscape wars before we found this repellant spray . After the first application we noticed a lot less damage , and now that we got real thorough with the coverage of the spray , we have NO nibbles at all - plus it keeps the wildlife deposits ( dung ) away from the house . Recommended !	1
I purchased this set in 2006 , but it came with a 3 batt charger and 3 batts . Since then it has undergone continuous use from the spring to fall . I have also added 3 more batts to get the jobs done in my yard ( total 6 batts ) . It is a convenient set to use.Hedger : Good at lasting a long time ( just used it for some large bushes a few weeks ago ) . No cord to keep track of makes this much easier to hedge with abandon . Decent power , as I can go through normal size hedge branches and leaves without too much problem . Also , no cord makes it easier to climb around my walls and just stretch my hand out to get to tall/far places.Blower : Goes through a batt fairly quickly . Pretty powerful since it only runs on batts . Easily clears off my sidewalk and driveway or loose leaves/grass/dirt . I probably use this tool the most.Trimmer : Is decent , but not terribly powerful . The replacement spools run about $ 14-16/3pk which adds up over time . However , I almost never use the trimmer now that I 've upgraded to the B/D 24v versionBlack & Decker NST1024 24-Volt Cordless String Trimmer/Edger , which is much more powerful and lasts longer on one batt . Trimmer is good for just grass and small weed growth . Do n't go tackling big grasses and weed bushes unless you are a patient person.After awhile the 18v batts lose their ability to hold juice , and so after a couple of years , you will to either replace the batts or deal with less and less capacity . Batts run ~ $ 30-40 . I think this set is ideal for those who live in townhouses , or have small yards , like 1/4 acre . It is VERY convenient to not have a cord trailing you . No cord to roll up when you 're done . No gas or oil changes to bother with either . After almost 5 years , everything still works fine ( though the batts are getting lame ) .	1
This product has a nice twist - You do n't have to pump to dispense the fluid . The sprayer is battery powered and emptied the whole gallon jug without any trouble . That made it very easy to just walk around the spray the fluid where I wanted it.The sprayer has an adjustable nozzle that provides a fine mist to a direct stream . You can control how you want to direct the fluid.When I first connected the sprayer to the bottle it took a few minutes to prime the sprayer . Additionally , you have to work the rubber tube to get it straight so that it reaches to the bottom of the gallon jug . Since its sent coiled , it tends to want to coil back up again . But for the most part I had no trouble dispensing the fluid - just a couple times I had to correct the tube so it reached the bottom.The fluid is not like other Deer Repellant . I have used some products that smell so bad that its unpleasant to dispense and unpleasant to walk around the yard after the repellant has been dispensed . This fluid had a very slight smell of acetic acid , but by no means was it overpowering , in fact for the most part it was not unpleasant at all . If it works , this could be the solution I have been looking for.I 've told you about the dispenser , the fluid , and I will wait to see if the squirrels and deer show up tonight and what areas they avoid . So really this review so far is about the product and the delivery mechanism . We 'll see what happens with the varmints later tonight when they usually come ...	1
I had these things all over my house , inside and out . Did NOTHING to control the sugar ants in Florida . Maybe a different type of ant is attracted to these but for those tiny little ants in Florida , Terro liquid baits work the best . The ants pay zero attention to these Combat baits .	-1
You have to feel back for the lonely inventor , ever striving to make a better mousetrap . The design of this trap is creative , it 's a snare ( basically a plastic noose ) . However , in our tests in an old house , traditional snap traps continue to catch mice , and this one has n't .	-1
Free of restrictive power cords , an electric weedwacker is a very convenient tool . Black and Decker 's NST2018 trimmer is very lightweight , and easy to use . With a 12 inch diameter cutting path , the unit is suitable for light trimming , touch ups , edging , and catching small areas missed by a mower . While the motor has enough power for moderate tasks , if you want to trim large areas , or tackle thick , high grass , you probably should look at something more powerful.The trimmer comes with two 18 volt batteries , and you will probably need them both to take on anything except a small job . It is hard to predict how long a battery may last under actual use , but you might get fifteen minutes of run time from a new battery . It is a just a good idea to make sure both batteries are charged up , before you start a job.The 0.065 inch trimmer line feeds automatically , you do n't bang the spool on the ground , or manually feed line . The auto feed system works pretty well , but does get stuck at times . Since the electric motor does not generate higher speeds like a gas motor , the noise level is relatively low . The unit is very light , and vibration is minimal . The trimmer guard is constructed of durable hard plastic , and should not crack under normal use.This trimmer is a great for touch ups and smaller yards . The freedom is wonderful , you are not polluting the air , and your hands wo n't get dirty mixing fuel .	1
Chipmunks are cute , but not when they 're digging up your plants and undermining your sidewalks . We bought the Havahart trap a few weeks ago and after experimenting with the bait , we 've been catching around one a day . Pecan butter works best . Just put some pecans in your food processor , and add a little olive or vegetable oil . They seem to like it more than peanut butter . Be sure to drop your chipmunks off far , far away ( like 4 or 5 miles ) or they 'll be back !	1
Cardinals can get seeds , squirrels ca n't . Well made and relatively solid . Not really easy to clean , but not unexpected with weight-triggered closure device . Recommended as an affordable squirrel proof.UPDATE : I can report that this feeder is actually bear-proof ! Well , almost . It survived a bear 's attempt to get through the plastic sleeve . It was a little hard on the spring mechanism , but the bear did n't get any of the seed !	1
I 'm a city girl , so when we first saw deer in the garden , my reaction was to say `` ooooh , '' not `` shoo . '' But then I saw how destructive they were , I changed my tune . They trampled the tomatoes and just dragged the peas and eggplants out to the driveway . If the deer were starving or even just a little hungry , I would n't mind . But mostly they are just stepping on things , knocking them down and tearing them up . I think they may be deer vandals . We tried to be nice and bought them hay and a barrel of apples to bribe them away from the garden , not to mention that this is summertime . Hello , deer , the forest ? There is an entire mountain of edible greenery just inches away and they can eat the whole damn thing , but no , it 's my zinnias and swiss chard they 're after . I worked hard on the garden , blistered my hands and put them into duck poop for it . I never worked harder on anything in my life . And then there 's the expense . Nobody tells you that you have to take all your money and credit cards to Sears and exchange them for planting stakes and tomato cages , lattices , a compost box , shears and secaters ( same thing if you ask me ) , hoes , rakes , shovels , pointy things you poke into the ground , little versions of the hoes , rakes , shovels and pointy thing , garden gloves , soil enhancer , plant food , watering systems , watering cans , hoses and nozzles , plus cute sun hats and decorative baskets to hold your harvest except that there is no harvest because bambi stomped on it . Anyway , after you add it all up , it works out to about 8 bucks a carrot.I asked the deer nicely to go away , hung soap on string to scare them ( the guy at the nursery recommended this , I think he was pranking the city slickers because it turns out , deer enjoy the brisk , manly scent of Irish Spring ) , and pinwheels , which only made the deer snort in derision . The Havahart Repellent is the first thing that worked . The deer ate all the flowers in the bed on the far side of the house , which did not get spritzed . This is because Havahart Repellent stinks like a son of a gun . Two sons of a gun . The active ingrediet is rotten egg stink . If we put it on the flower bed near where we sit , we would be dead now . The formula also contains garlic and capsicum ( hot pepper ) because deer do n't like the taste . But it 's the stink that does it . This stuff would repel the living dead . The deer wo n't come near the stuff , which is good , because the caterpillers do n't like sharing.The sprayer works very well , and it 's easy to get it pumping . Just for pete 's sake , do n't hold the sprayer up and look at it to see if it 's jammed . Get that stuff on you and invitations to dinner just dry up . The directions are explicit and easy to follow . You pour in the Deer Off solution , press the trigger ( pointing away from you ) once or twice , and there you go . Of course every dog in a 500 mile radius will want to roll in it . I got some on my shoes and it took two days to peel the beagle next door off of me.This is a very simple , humane and effective way to shoo varmints . You might also consider using it to repel in-laws and prevent adult children from moving back home .	1
For years , I lived with a Black & Decker trimmer that required hand-winding of the line spool . What a fiasco ! Once the factory-wound spool ran out , the line never again fed properly . No matter how much care one took with the hand-winding , the line always broke off prematurely -- from having gotten jammed up . I spent at least as much time rewinding the spool as I did trimming grass . Then I found the model Black & Decker trimmer that takes disposable spools -- like these . They 're a godsend . Perhaps it 's more economical to wind your own spool , but if your time ( and blood pressure ) mean anything to you , disposable spools are the way to go . ( And the manufacturer says you CAN hand-wind these spools if you like -- so you wo n't be stuck if you do n't happen to have a fresh disposable spool on hand . )	1
I live in New York City , so I do n't have a deer or rabbit problem , but we do have plenty of squirrels . They love to steal from my parents ' fig tree . Since they started using this , I 've heard no complaints about squirrels . I like that this is made of putrescent egg yolks and not dangerous chemicals . It 's humane and safer for humans and pesky animals alike .	1
A lot of trouble for very little result ... . I followed instructions closely and I 've been using this for several weeks . In that time I 've only trapped a total of six wasps and zero yellow jackets . I finally threw it in the trash yesterday . Not worth the time to maintain it .	-1
This item was something I was anxious to get . But after receiving it I was a little disappointed . Extremely small ... smaller than expected . the first time I used it , the handle jammed and when I tried to extend it the couple inches that it does extend , it was stuck . I dont like this item at all and would not recommend it . Go to the nearest hardware store and buy a small camping shovel . Does much better at 5 bucks or so .	-1
I live in the country and there are a lot of deer and rabbits out here . I use the Havahart Deer Off II around the outside of my house to keep these creatures from dining on my lovely wife 's plants . This sprayer is so easy to use and it even came with the needed batteries . The best thing about this sprayer is I just depress the trigger and it sprays where ever I point the nozzle . No more pumping my old sprayer . The container with the repellent is not even heavy to carry around while I spray . Lightweight is good . Most importantly , it did not kill my wife 's plants or the woodland creatures . Also , the battery operated sprayer is reusable . I will purchase the Havahart repellent for my sprayer when I run out , but I think the half gallon will last awhile . This is a great product .	1
My hummers had no trouble switching from the basic bottle feeders to this saucer , and I love it because it 's the oh-so-easy to clean . The built in ant moat dries out rather quickly , but I basically fail to fill it anyway , and have n't had any ant problems at all . I now have 2 of these feeders , that hang from shepherds hooks , and there 's no leakage problems whatsoever . Remember : change your sugar water frequently ; every few days , to avoid spoilage . I highly recommend this feeder.EDIT ( 04/2008 ) : I wish this feeder came in 8oz , since I do n't really need 16oz , and do n't get that many hummers ( unfortunately ) . But , I did also purchase a Hummzinger Fancy ( 12 oz ) , and surprisingly I just did n't like it . It was easy to clean , but was deeper than the PPO , which did n't appeal to me . I had put the Perky Pet on one hook on the south side of the house , and the HummZinger on the north side 's hook . The HummZinger did n't get much activity , which was surprising since the hummers are used to both hooks having a feeder . After 2 weeks , I put the HummZinger away and went back to 2 PP 's . Activity resumed on the north hook ... Considering both feeders are outside from April to November , and rinsed in hot water for every cleaning , they 've held up well . No cracking , minimal color fading , no flowers have needed replacement to date .	1
After just a few days of replacing our old bird feeder and food , we have many birds coming back to feed again ! I put this inSongbird and Cardinal Preferred Blend Bird Foodand the combination has been perfect . Our old bird feeder would collect the seeds at the bottom on a tray , which would get wet from rain and mold quickly . Because the seeds are housed inside the feeder , there was no mold to worry about . We have a lot of squirrels around , but they never seemed to bother our old feeder or this one . The pirch is great for the birds , but I suspect as soon as a squirrely tries to get into the seeds , he 'll be sadly disappointed that he ca n't get them.The picture on Amazon does n't do the size justice . I was able to get almost all of the bird food in the above link in the feeder . Great product , excellent design , and the birds and myself both love it ! Edit : After having this product up for a few months , I have noticed many birds at all times of the day waiting to feed . The squirrels have noticed it as well , but the seeds remain protected inside . After refilling the seeds , I forgot to screw the top green lid back onto the clear tube . The squirrels quickly figured out how to lift it up , and I found one head first in the feeder eating the seed . Ca n't fault the squirrel ... but make sure to give a nice quarter turn to make sure the lid is on tight.In addition to the cardinals , there have been some finches and other smaller birds that have showed up also . It is so nice to look outside and see wildlife enjoying a little food.Still a 5 star product , without question .	1
This is definitely a good quality nozzle . It is similar to the & # 34 ; old fashioned & # 34 ; type nozzle we had as kids . It gives differing spray patterns depending on how far you squeeze the trigger .	1
well what can I say about kneeling mats other than I really like it . Right size and glad I was able to find this color . I use it all the time and it looks like it will last me a long time . Others I 've bought before only lasted a year before falling apart . So far so good .	1
This little heater is actually one of the few products I have ever purchased which was far better than even advertized . I have three birdbaths and have one in each . These work wonderfully and I have had no problem what so ever even on the coldest days and nights . I also have a smallish fish pond near my porch and I have used two of these things in it . As with the birdbaths , they work perfectly . Normally I have to remove the fish during the winter , but so far have not had to go through that chore . We live in an area where we have frequent freezing weather but never down into the single digits so I do n't think that will be a problem . People do not realize that birds drink during the winter months as they do during the summer and that this can cause them problems if they do not have a reliable source of water . I must say that the squirrels and other critters that surround our place enjoy it too . As I said , this is a product that I truly got my monies worth from .	1
I do not have a problem with Deers . I do have a probllem with rabbits and mole and lizzards and frogs . I am glad to say that The Deer Off has seemed to make an impact on the for now . I have notice a decline in these critters around my property . I live next to a wooded lot and would like to keep the animals and critters in the woods . Before I could not even put my garbage out and now I can.This has worked so far I havenot seen any frogs trying to jump in my pool or creepy crawlies running about as well .	1
Before ordering , I was afraid of having a cheap plastic bearing inside . No where in the internet , including manufacturer 's web site , I could check the spec on this part , nor anyone of reviewers commented on the type of ball inside . This one does incorporates metal ball bearing , but have a similar characteristics as $ 0.99 plastic part , badly leaking water at the joint . Time wasted to make it function like a simple shut-off valve , in order to save time required on returning , just priceless . Now , I understand why unusually high number of negative feedback on this junk . Over last few years , we have become so acquainted to junk imported from China , it 's just amazing how some users will tolerate badly designed and manufactured pats.I had no idea that designing a water shut-off valve was such a difficult task , that requires a special skill . It 's made to leak , no matter how much connector is tightened . I thought Gilmour was a reputable American manufacturer , and I 'm totally off . Do engineers at Gilmore check the prototype before sending its design to full production , or do marketing people actually check if it 's viable product ? Please do not write reviews without thoroughly checking them first , or post phony reviews your untruthful reviews are wasting other people 's valuable time .	-1
I have had several feeders that leak or the hummers do n't like it including the Aspects 153 & 367 models . I admit the Aspect model are easier to clean but if the birds do n't care for it ... I live in Florida where hummers at my location are not large as in Texas and Cal . So the size is better for refilling here . Bees are not a problem here and the yellow bee guards do not draw them to the feeder . In fact , I cut small hole in the guards so the hummers could feed easier and also I liked the contrast of yellow because I could have taken them off completely . As for the color you could paint them with hobby shop paint or just nail polish . Anyhow , I like it and the birds like it what else do you need .	1
Okay , I 'm an addict and this is actually my fourth Weber grill ... I buy one every four to five years , use it often , treat it poorly , and when it starts to show signs of age , I simply spring for a new one . Until I discovered the Weber , I seldom even got a year out of my grills - so this is quite an improvement for me . The quality of the product , and the results I get , are topnotch , and today , I would n't consider any other brand ( except maybe a built-in Hastings - but that 's another animal altogether ) .I go back and forth between the 22.5 inch and the 26 inch version . The 26 is more expensive , but it offers quite a bit more cooking area . It also uses quite a bit more charcoal , and to my eyes , it does n't heat quite as evenly . Instead , I 've settled on the 22.5 , and on those relatively rare occasions when I need more grilling area , I just run a second grill.One thing I especially like is that Weber is so popular , you can get replacement parts just about anywhere . It 's nice to know that if I open the grill in the Springtime and the grates are all rusty , I can zip over to the local hardware store and probably find an exact replacement.This time I went for the blue version , but otherwise it 's the same Weber I 've come to love . Easy to clean , rugged - and it cooks as well as anything out there . I 'm not a fan of gas grills ... they simply do n't seem to get hot enough for certain uses . But with the Weber and some quality charcoal and you 're all set , no matter what 's on the menu.Only very small complaint is that I 've had some problems with the paint peeling off under the top cover . In the past , once I noticed this happening , I simply scrubbed all the loose paint off with a wire brush ... curious to see if this one has the same problem.Really recommended !	1
A decent value - for the price , you have a decent buy . It would not last for someone who is a professional , or for a homeowner who has lots and lots of digging to do , but for an average guy/gal , it 's a good tool . One thing though , if you let the handle get even damp , it swells and gets rough , so do n't forget to wear gloves ... no gloves = blisters , you 've been warned : D !	1
I set two of these to try to catch the rats that have been pestering my chickens . Both traps caught a rat . Neither trap killed the rat immediately.The first was pretty horrific , as the trap somehow caught the rat at the hip . The rat crawled a good 25 feet away and was still breathing 8ish hours later when i found it . The second seems to have been a bit faster , as the trap did close on the rat 's head/neck , but the rat was able to crawl about 8 feet away from where the trap was set before finally dying.So if you 're totally ok with this being a grossly INhumane trap , i can say it does seem to _catch_ rats . It 's easy to bate , and there 's no risk of breaking a finger while setting it . However , if you 're queasy about killing and were hoping for something that would kill the vermin so quickly they did n't know what hit them , this is absolutely not the trap to get .	-1
I 'm pleased with this . I 'm 66 years old and a cancer survivor so do n't have the saying power of some people . Have found this very easy to use . It is a little heavy for me when fully extended but not so bad I ca n't use it . One thing I learned is to adjust the head so I make square cuts to avoid any hang up from the branch starting to fall and binding the blades . Used this to trim limbs over my electric pasture fence while driving my tractor so my Tractor ROPS bar now clears the limbs . If the jaws fit around a limb you can cut it without a terrible amount of strength . I bought this to trim some tall hedge bushes along the edge of my yard and it worked well for trimming the tall tops . Have used the saw ( 3 inch limbs ) and it cuts fine if you let it do the cutting and take your time . Used it to cut some woody stemed large weeds on hard to navigate banks too . Over all a very handy tool .	1
I ordered my Scotts 20 '' Classic Mower on Earth Day and because I had to put it together , I finally used it for the first time in mid-May . I wish all I had to do was put in two screws and be done but there were 5 big pieces to the handle and lots of little pieces ( fortunately almost all the same set of pieces ) . I could put it together with only a little difficulty and I do n't have much practice at putting things together . I could n't get the E-rings in . My husband managed that.The handle flexes . I wondered if that was needed to handle the bumps , but after using it I do n't think it is . I think it is just cheap . The mower part feels more substantial . It is made in China . I wonder how many years of not using my gas mower it will take to make up for transporting this from China.In the reviews people talked about it stopping suddenly . I had the same issue . I have a very small yard ; it is level except for a few odd little depressions . At those spots as well as at random moments the mower would freeze up . It happened some times when the clippings kind of got clogged on the back guard . Other times , I could not see why it stopped . It went right over the small sticks in my yard , which I was happy about . On the other hand , all the dandelions just bent over and snapped right back up after I passed over them . I had a few spots where I went at the grass from a few directions before it mowed . Once I got it going it tended to keep going , but every corner meant a full stop and then had to try to get ` er rolling again . Next time , I 'll see if I can figure out a way to mow with less full corners . As I said it is a small yard , so I 'm not sure it will work.Overall I am happy with the product except for the issues I mentioned above . I did n't want to spend too much , so for the price this is about what I expected . I plan to use this every other time I mow . I 'm keeping the gas mower to get through the weeds and plants that are out of control . As I 'm growing more native plants and food , my area of grass is decreasing .	1
Never splitting wood before I went into this venture a bit nervous . But I did end up splitting a 1/4 cord of wood from big logs rather easily . I heard the trick was speed . However I found just the normal almost over the head with & # 34 ; no extra push & # 34 ; but having good control worked every time . The bade did exhibit tiny chips , but I kept it sharpened as several recommended . The price is great and it feels virtually impossible to break . Although I read some had broken the handle . I did over swing once but it did not seem to mark the handle . It did make me concentrate that much harder . I did find stepping back a half of step kept me from compensating as I bent coming forward . I am sure each person swing is a bit different .	1
This is a nice looking bench if you do n't look too closely . The finish is rough and uneven in many places as if it were applied unevenly . This does not give it a rustic look but instead looks sloppy . The quality of the wood is poor . It looks and feels like pine , although it may be fir . It 's definitely not a hardwood.The bench was shipped UPS and arrived in a thin cardboard box , not the usual sturdy box that I 'm accustomed to receiving from Amazon . The pieces were loosely wrapped in foam . No bubble wrap , nothing to secure it but some tape . Consequently , I was n't surprised that them main support bar ( the curved one at the bottom ) was split in half . Because it was split on an angle we were able to repair and secure it with zip ties . Looks a little odd but it worked . Several other pieces have cracks in them but were not broken all the way through.Since I received this as a Vine review item we proceeded to assemble it rather than return it . Assembly was very easy and we had the bench put together in about 10 minutes . The screws and hardware provided were high quality , better than the wood for the bench itself ! I am using it by my patio table on the back deck . It seats two and is sturdier than it appears . Only time will tell how well it will withstand the rain and sun . If it becomes unstable for people to sit on , it will be re-purposed as a stand for some of my potted plants in the front garden.Because of the high cost ( $ 89 ) , the horrible way it was shipped and the broken parts ( others have had the same problem so it 's not just my UPS route ) , I am forced to rate this lower than I would have liked , but it 's just not worth it unless the company makes some changes .	-1
This lopper has actually exceeded my expectations . The only reason you buy one of these is to lop off tree branches and limbs , as well as extra bush and vine growth . This thing requires no real strength to use whatsoever , and i have now lopped limbs as much as three inches in diameter with no problems at all . Definitely well worth the $ 30 or so that they currently costs . Helped me to clear a lot of extra growth in no time.Enjoy !	1
When it comes to birding , cleanliness is very important . With the jug handle , this waterer is hard to clean , even with a flexible brush . I have lots of finches , and with finches , comes conjunctivitis , and being able to clean this properly is very important . Sure , I could just slosh some bleach around it when cleaning , but I 'm not comfortable not being able to scrub each and every inch of this . If it has been one solid jug , it would 've been much easier to clean.I 've had it up for a few weeks now and have not noticed one bird on it . Only small birds can use this , which I have plenty of ( sparrows , finches , chickadees , nuthatches , etc ) . Initially I did put it up a few feet away from a thistle feeder , and the goldfinches abandoned the feeder . Once I moved this waterer , the birds came back . Strange , but not unheard of . It 's now near the bird bath and still , no takers .	-1
This mower hit a small rock on its first mission and that enough to break the unit and send it to the dump .	-1
The best thing about this feeder is its huge 48 ounce capacity . If you 're looking for something you can fill up and then forget about for a long time , this may be it . Otherwise , it 's all plastic and looks cheap . I 'd invest in a smaller glass/metal feeder instead .	-1
I use a tumbler that I rotate every few days . I sprinkled a cup of this into the compost that was already in there , with some fresh vegetable skins dropped into it , and within a few days there was a noticeable increase in the matter , with a black , rich compost all around.Now mind you , I live in southern Arizona and we already get the hot , dry heat this time of year . I do n't plant my summer garden until the monsoons hit in July . By then this compost will be ready . I can actually use what is in the tumbler now for my growing tomatoes . I keep the compost damp and turn the tumbler regularly . The outside heat helps keep the matter hot.One thing I noticed when I first used this on my compost is that the bugs that were already in the tumbler scrambled . Apparently even beetles and roaches give way to this stuff . And that is a good sign .	1
Purchased this snow removal tool for my wife , who uses her car on a daily basis for work . While the car trunk is already filled with an assortment of semi-helpful gadgets , assuring her safety on the road , the Sno Brum is unquestionably in the top 5 . The tool is simple , effective , and does & # 8220 ; what it says it does & # 8221 ; easily . The tool doesn & # 8217 ; t scratch the car body , is lightweight , and yet durable . Don & # 8217 ; t hit the snowy roads this winter without it ! All the more in Connecticut , a state in which a regulation will go into effect whereby cars may be fined up to $ 1000 for excess snow and ice flying off .	1
I 've been using the cordless broom since April and am very pleased with it . In the past , after mowing I would drag out a broom to sweep and clean up the sidewalk . It also serves to clean off grass and leaves from my mower ... again I had used a broom on that too . I keep the batteries at the ready and so far have n't needed both during one session , but like knowing I have a back up . It has really been a big help .	1
I have been using this for over a year and it has cut through all my branches and small shrubs without any issues . It makes very quick work of anything . Anyone can use it , my wife cut many branches and I pulled on them . Not always a clean cut when stressing the branch by pulling down , but 95 % of the time I have clean cuts.One issue is just the cord like all plug-in electric tools , just put it over your shoulder to keep it away from being cut.Do n't forget chain oil , do n't let it get dried out.I let my father borrow mine and was lucky to get it back so I had to buy him one . He took an all day job removing dead lilac bushes and turned it into an hour job cutting it down with this .	1
This is a study feeder , with a tube 4.5 '' in diameter . The seed comes out the bottom of the tube into a small tray that goes around the tube . The birds can feed through 4 holes in a metal sleeve that is suspended by a spring from the bottom of the tube.The main selling points on bird feeders seems to be 1 ) How squirrel-proof is it , 2 ) how long will it last , and 3 ) how much does it cost ? I will add a 4th of my own requirements , and that is how deer-proof is it . I have had deer come in Winter and tilt myPerky-Pet 7103-2 Copper Triple Tube Bird Feederfeeder and drain the whole thing in a night . The hoof-prints in the snow gave them away . ; - ) So this feeder appears to be both squirrel- and deer-proof . Tilting the feeder does lose some seed , but it does not flow out very easily , especially when the bottom part is pulled down like when a squirrel or deer is trying to get into it . The top dome also tilts when weight is on it , which will certainly cause squirrels and chipmunks to slide off . I think it 's a good design.How long will it last ? They claim a heavy-duty , powder coated finish , which I assume is over standard steel . The spring inside the bottom part to make it tilt I assume is steel as well . So this feeder will likely rust in maybe 5+ years , and once the spring rusts away , the bottom will fall off the tube - the spring is the only thing holding it on . You will have to get a new spring from Perky Pet . Aluminum or stainless steel would be better materials.How much does it cost ? This feed is on the expensive side , especially not knowing what materials it 's made of and how long it will last . I would wait for a price-reduction from the list price .	1
If you have rose bushes , the Fiskars Pruner is a must have . I love fresh roses in the house but hate those pesky thorns and always had a heck of a time removing them . With the Fiskars Pruner , I was able to remove all thorns rather quickly ( it only took one or two times to get it down ) and found the pruners to fit really well in my hand , eliminating any hand discomfort . The blade is sharp and shows no sign of rust after using them for a season . This is a really useful tool and I absolutely would recommend others to purchase !	1
I bought these for two reasons : 1 - I paint a lot ( walls ) . 2 - I have little nieces and nephews who like to ride on my back as I crawl on the floor ! For the former , they work great- they do n't add any weight to me as I walk around and go up and down ladders , etc . I can get on the floor and paint near the baseboard while on my knees . It 's great . My knees are n't the best and these help a lot ! For the latter reason , they 're great too ! I can quickly get these on and then let one or two ( or three ! ) of my plentiful and beligerent nieces and nephews ride on my back around the house ! Good excercise and quite tiring ! But for the price - you ca n't go wrong .	1
I chose this item for an indeterminate tomato plant . After I initially set this holder at the desired spot , I then assembled this with my hands before my husband brought his power screw driver in to complete the job . The brackets are now securely mounted on our back porch . I noticed that the brackets can be used from either the long or the short side , depending on how wide the frame or sill is.The holder leans a little down but that is the desired effect I want , so that the plant can benefit from the western sun late in the afternoon . The deep brackets keep this holder from getting blown off in our strong spring winds .	1
The product is easy to apply . I use it around some raised planters , the garden , and our dryer vent which leaves the house only about 8 inches above the ground ( we 've gotten critters in it before ) . It does seems to work ( for us on rabbits ) as the plant damage is lessened in the raised planters and garden . Our yard is fenced so deer are not a problem and I could n't test it on them . This summer the product lasts longer as it was extremely dry . I do reapply after it rains otherwise it loses it effect . Good to use/try if exposed plants are getting visits by rabbits .	1
I bought these to trim the leaves from my cannabis flowers and they work well for that . For any jobs that require more strength , get yourself something bigger/stronger.They 're not perfect , they 're not for heavy-duty cutting , and they 're made in China.But they cut . I kept a cotton ball and some rubbing alcohol around to clean the trichomes off the blades periodically and had no problem getting through my entire crop . My hands were sore , but you 'll have that after trimming a pound and a half of high quality cannabis . To help ease the pain , I smoked some cannabis . Worked for me . *I am a fully RCW 69.51a compliant medical cannabis patient*	1
Had a tree cut down in the spring . Picked this guy up to make some firewood for the summer . It is comfortable in the hands and splits wood as if it was a mellon . I 've even used it to cut down some Honeysuckle and a small tree . No problems what so ever . The product was shipped on time and packaged well .	1
Seems like every other week or so it randomly drops to 84 cents as an add on item . You simply can not beat that price . I got several for my son and his friends to play with in the dirt and some for the front and back yard . It is a ridged plastic but dug fine in hard dirt for me . Do n't go prying up rocks or it might break but for general digging it is just fine . But you can abuse it all you want and if it does break you are out less than $ 1 .	1
We have over 30 young fast growing tress that are attracting deer every evening . I decided to put this on the fencing that is around the tress as a test and every single one that I used the deer off on has no bitten leaves . The deer knew which ones did not have the product on . I have since sprayed this on all of the trees and and am very thankful I finally found a product that works.The best thing about the application process is that you do not have to wait for a specific season , which most of competitors ask . I used this late july/ early august with optimal results . There was no plant or grass damage afterward . I did however wait a few days after the rain to apply just to be sure and the product seemed to work instantly .	1
I switched to this type of feeder after the ones from my previous supplier kept leaking . These seem to be well made and so far the birds are using them . Time will tell as to the life of the plastic .	1
These work very well , I think . My seedlings came up just fine and without any issues . A recommended buy . Thank you .	1
DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON OTHER HOSES THE BEST ONLY THING IT HAS FUNNY CONNECTORS IF YOU USE REEL LOOK CLOSELY I CAN JUST GET IT THROUGH MY MODEL SUNCAST	1
Well , I bought two of these and used as directed , and the moles just continued to destroy my yard . Save your $ 10 after shipping and get rid of your yard 's grubworms .	-1
I recently moved into the Texas Hill Country and have come to experience the daily devastation of plants caused by rabbits and deer . I started buying deer-resistant plants but it turns out that deer do n't read the approved lists and eat most of them anyway . Then come the rabbits who arrive as packs of fluffy little plant chainsaws ready to destroy anything the deer missed . It 's a monumental pain in the ass and short of building cages around the plants , solutions are hard to come by.This spray is easy to apply and overall does seem to improve the carnage . It works by basically creating an unpleasant odor in the area that the animals do n't like and they choose to go somewhere else ( hopefully your neighbors are n't using the same product ) . I 've definitely seen fewer deer and rabbits ( I have no idea where the squirrels were in the first place ) since applying this mixture , so using this very unscientific method I believe it 's had an impact.But here 's the rub : when you have brutal drought conditions as we 've had here for the last 2 years , these critters will pretty much go through any barriers you attempt to employ to deter them . As one neighbor commented to me , `` When there 's no water , deer will eat anything - and your fancy sprays are like salad dressing to them . '' I had n't thought about my garden as a buffet but it 's a fair point . So I consider this another tool in my arsenal , rather than a complete solution , in the daily battle to save my plants .	1
I have a mole problem and have been using the oldVictor 0645 Mole Trap Plunger Styleall metal traps , same as the `` critter getter '' service uses in my area . They work OK , are a little hard to set up and fairly sensitive.I tried this Sweeney plastic one in 3 different places . First , it is easy to set . . . BUT it is n't very sensitive . One place I set it the mole came back through and pushed soil up around the plate . If it had gone off , there would have been one less mole . The second place was at a breathing hole where I had stepped on it and the mole had thrown up a new pile . With the Victor , I would have had a sure kill . With the Sweeney , it did n't go off although I could tell that something had pushed more dirt out.I guess if I had moles that worked out with weights and were very buff the Sweeney would have tripped . I could make it go off with a screwdriver , so it actually was working . I set my Victor traps out the next day in the same places and got a mole . Bought those at least 10 years ago and they still work .	-1
Egg white , Capsaicin , and Garlic are 5 % of the product , who knows what else ... There are no indications that the product is non-toxic but I expect it is . There are only warning about irritation if it gets in your eyes . This is expected as Capsaicin is the hot in a hot pepper.I would like to see more information about how and where the product is safe . It should be safe around birds , but is it ? As packaged the primary recommend use is to protect seedlings from getting nibbled , and it seems to work well in that regard.I would like to use it around my bird feeders to fend off the squirrels there as well.The battery powered sprayer is a great addition to this type of product . Powered by 4 AA batteries , it is n't a power sprayer and your old fashioned pump sprayer will beat it easily . However for quick spot applications the battery power is sufficient to do the job . The spray itself is a good balance between too light of a mist and a washout dripping product . A couple seconds on each plant was enough to get good coverage and the large capacity jug will easily last the season .	1
The handle design is pretty good and easy to manipulate the can . However the real problem is that the spout is designed to come off so that you can turn it to pour or shower . The problem is that if you tilt the can too much , then the detachable spout just pops off and the water comes out so fast that it digs a hole..The next problem is that the glue failed on the orange cap and it just falls off . So the can is nearly useless . So far every fiskars can that I 've ever had has falled apart , split , etc . Wo n't waste my time with any more of them .	-1
It 's hard to imagine any soil worse than the native soil in my garden and my yard . Here in Texas , we call it caliche , and you truly could use it as clay on a potter 's wheel . That 's why I 've been composting veggie scraps and yard trimmings . The compost that results helps the garden ( and increases the worms ) . My problem has been that composting is slow . This Ringer Compost Plus helps speed the process , so I can build soil that will nourish my plants.I have not measured the temperature in my composter , but in spite of the fact that our weather has been much cooler than normal , the material I put in the composter a month ago has been turning into soil quite nicely . Ringer says to expect composting to complete in 60 to 90 days , but I 'm seeing results much sooner than that . I 'm ready to turn out my first batch of the year tomorrow.In addition to working quickly , this product is a bargain , costing about half of the compost starter I had been using.If you have an interest in improving your soil and putting the scraps from kitchen and yard to good use , try this . It works !	1
When I retired , I wanted to retire my home made pvc light stand . Mind you , there was nothing wrong with it . Having said that , these light systems by Hydrofarm are fantastic . I have four of them and used them all winter . Packaging and instructions were right on and they are absolutely wonderful . I wondered at the system for raising the light up and down because it seemed so simple . Well , simple and smooth it is . It raises and lowers the lights in micro inches if you want . In this way you can raise them as the plants grow and it seems not to wear out at all with one season behind them . I wish I had done this way before I retired .	1
It can be quite hard to get a compost pile going . We have tried a couple different ways and could n't really get what you are suppose to get from a compost pile , we would always end up with just garbage and flies . We researched online and watched a lot of videos . It has to have a certain mixture of types of things that you add . We had way too much household food in ours . We also decided to forgo our compost bin and decided to go with a tumbler composter after a couple failed attempts in our bin.This Ringer Compost Plus helps get your compost going . We are now having much better luck . I suggest doing some research yourself if you are just beginning . There is more to composting than just throwing your scraps and coffee grounds into a bin.Spring is the perfect time to start and the Compost Plus gives it a head start .	1
You will not be disappointed with any Fiskars product , and no , I do not work for the company . Wish I did . All the Fiskars axes adn hatchets are wonderful . I went a little crazy a few months ago and ordered about one of every size axe/hatchet that Fiskars make and I love each one equally . The handle , the look , the design , the price . This is a top of the line product . Anything else other than a a Fiskars is a waste of your time and money . Ohhh , Just had a thought ... .I did buy the Fiskars sharpening tool as well . The Fiskars sharpening tool is a piece of junk . It broke when I tried to use it the first time and I was completely unimpressed , but I did not return it to the vendor , too much hassle . The axes/hatchets are GREAT though and you will love them .	1
Last year our tomatoes did really well on the south side of our home , but we needed to make room for other things so I decided to give this a try.Out of the box it 's pretty self explanatory as to what you need to do . Open , insert tomato start , fill with potting soil , hang and water . So far my tomatoes are looking great ! They have n't ripened yet , but there are plenty of them on the verge . One important thing is to water often ! It 's easy to forget and if you do n't water enough you wo n't have good results.Overall this is a good product that I think is worth the price , especially if you are limited on your space . The only suggestions I would make are to make sure that you get your tomato start in early . I got busy and put mine in after it had grown quite a bit , not easy at all and more stress on the plant than it needed . Also make sure your hanger is sturdy , with the soil , water and mature plant it becomes quite heavy . **UPDATE**After seeing a recent thread in the Amazon Gold Box Forum I remembered that I had n't come back to post any pictures . Several forum posters complained that the Topsy Turvy was a waste of money and did n't work . I have already had one successful year and expect another one . I just uploaded one , it 's within a week of putting the start . I will continue to add pictures as the plant progresses .	1
Moving to a smaller property back in 2003 , I found myself no longer needing my riding mower . I looked at several options in the gas mower lineup . After talking to a couple of electric mower owners in my neighborhood , I went shopping at the local hardware store and brought home the earlier version of the Black & Decker MM875 Mower . Like other gas powered tool owners at that time , I seriously had my doubts . That changed after a few weeks use . I 'm very surprised that after eight years , this mower is still up and running.Weighing in at 52 lbs , this 12 amp mower cuts a 19 '' path in no time . With adjustable wheel heights ranging from 1.4 '' to about 3.5 '' , it does a nice job . I like the one touch feature for wheel height adjustment . There 's no fuss and tightness to contend with . I do n't miss the noise of a gas powered motor . Unlike the newer version , my mower has a straight handle bar with a comfortable grip . The start handle is conveniently located on the right side and has a good feel to it . Other then that , there 's really not that much of a change from the original.This mower is light and easy to maneuver around bushes and trees . It does an average job of mulching . Mine came with the side discharge chute . The rear bag that now comes with the newer units was an optional purchase back in 2003 . Even though I do n't use it much , the folding handle is a nice add on for owners with tight spaces . As far as power cords go , I picked up a good 100 foot length 14/3 gauge outdoor extension cord . Its not that hard to manage the extension cord . When using any power tool , its all about staying alert.Like any piece of gear , proper maintenance is paramount . Prior to using this or any mower , its a good idea to coat the undercarriage with a non stick spray . I use the generic grilling spray on mine . I give the blades a good coating too . Since the body is n't metal , I use a rubber spatula to remove any buildup . Afterwards , a good wipe down . Its a good idea to inspect the bolts , nuts and screws for tightness after each use . Just like gas powered mowers , it does take a little bit of effort to remove and replace or sharpen the blade . I always sharpen my blade before the start of the mowing season and every other month . When sharpening the blade I use a fine tooth file . It can be sharpened with a good stone too . I got about 5 years out of one blade.Besides replacing the blade the back flap needed some help too . The original flap lasted me about 7 years and was n't that difficult to remove and replace . Protection wise , Black & Decker offers a two year limited warranty on the mower and a lifetime package on the mower deck . I 've not used their toll free customer support number for the mower , but I have for other Black & Decker products . The customer service that I did receive was outstanding.Overall , I am very satisfied with my Black & Decker mower . It has been a reliable lawn tool that quietly and efficiently gets the job done . With proper maintenance I expect to get another eight more years out of this one . In closing , I can honestly say that I do n't miss my old gas mowers one bit .	1
Nice nozzle and cheap enough so I can have several around the house . The pattern selection works find ( stream and flat get the most use by me ) .	1
STARTED GROWING CLOVER ?	-1
I have released them in the night but they only stay for one and half day they all checked out or became birds food .	-1
The hummingbirds recognize this feeder right away ( better than the saucer kind ) but it started leaking after a couple months . Pretty unreliable .	-1
I bought this product along with composter ( compost wizard jr. 7 cubic foot compost tumbler ) . First , I examined the box trying to find ingredients , none of them was listed , so who knows what it is . It made me feel uncomfortable , because I do not know if it is there natural ingredient or some kind of chemical . Also , I would like to do some research on this product if it really works or not , but since there is no disclosure of ingredients , you stuck to `` take their word for it '' . Plus , what if you have an allergy for it , but since their no information what inside ; it can be a simple dust as far as I know.Second , I followed the directions and added this mystery chemical into my compost . I do not think it made a difference at all . My composter does its job with or without it just fine , it is black and generates a lot of heat , I water it or add greens to keep it moist , and turn it weekly . Did not feel any speed up whatsoever . Nature and composter do what they supposed to do without this gimmick . Do n't waste your money ! ! .To speed up the composting and introduce viable bacteria , I added ( as book on composting recommended ) about a gallon of already made compost which already contains all the necessary bacteria and organisms , so they can start working on new pile of compost .	-1
It is getting harder and harder to find nozzles like this that have infinately variable spray , ranging from a fan to a steady stream just by squeezing the lever . Most new ones require you to twist a nozzel on the end ... which is a waste of time when washing a car . I have used this before . I have 3 worn out ones in my garage . I was happy to see they have a lifetime warranty which I did not know . The picture does not show it , but it has a nozzel shield surrounding the threads on the spray end . Helpful in case it falls up against a fender ! Works great .	1
During their seven to 10-day life span , Fungus Gnat females may lay up to 200 eggs into the cracks and crevices of growing media . Moist-growing media containing high amounts of peat moss are particularly attractive to adult females.I have 2 , 50 pellet pot jiffy seedling starters . I ordered these for refills because it was more fpr a cheaper price . Now I know why..You can tell these were at least last years old stock or older . You can tell that simply by how long it takes the pellets to absorb the water . It should really only take 1 minute to absorb . These took over 3 to 5 minutes . Most of the seeds I planted when using this batch of pellets did not grow . I was going to try to save the peat to mix with some potting soil.When I opened the pellets there were tons of Fungus Gnat Larvae feeding on the seeds inside . YUCK Yuck Yuck ! THANK GOD I CAUGHT THIS BEFORE THEY TURNED INTO FLIES ! MY HOUSE WOULD HAVE BEEN INFESTED ! Yes , I blame these pellets and not my seeds or myself . I have never had this issue before.In order to not waste the money I spent buying these I am going to have to spend more money on an insecticide and mix it with the water , when using them..Yes , I am sure the eggs were in the peat pellets and not from me or my home etc.I Know these are old stock , and had eggs in them hence , bad stock ! I will not be buying from this seller again ! Buyer beware.This is my first ever bad review . Trust me , that tells you something ! ... ... Move on !	-1
I got this at a neighbor 's recommendation and I am glad I did . I live in Deer Country and it is not uncommon to see deer strolling on local lawns even in bright daylight . This is an effective product and deer are repelled by the taste . I was surprised that this product had the flavors of peppery egg , which deer and small rodents apparently do n't enjoy.Although this product has a bad smell , it is not overpowering and it does do the job . This does not have a strong odor and is not human repellent based on that.You get a motorized pupmp that runs on batteries . It does work well and it is easy to aim and spray . I would certainly recommend this . It is gentle on your foliage and other greenery .	1
This entire Fiskars binge began with a hoe [ incredible product ] and then a rake [ excllent ] and eventually have replaced nearly entire outdoor garden tool set with Fiskars.My husband said we did n't need another shovel but I was so happy with the other garden tools that I bought this for myself ... I 've not been able to use it once because he immediately adopted it . According to him it 'digs itself '' . I 'm not exactly sure what that means but he brags about the weight and balance - says it makes it so much easier . The same applies for the square shovel . Super nice weight , well balanced , Comfortable.While it might initially seem counter-intuitive to buy a heavy shovel ... it actually is much easier to work with than a light weight shovel . The weight allows maximum efficiency so you do n't need to strain and struggle to break the earth - it does the work for you . He has a tendency to have lower back pain when working ( age related ) and within an hour this became his new favorite shovel ... .he quickly insisted on buying the square head equivalent ( every bit as good ) .The other major difference is the long handle . It seems more and more tools are trying to scrimp by on less material - this is a very solid , very heavy item with an extra nice long handle that is perfect for those who are a bit on the tall side . It also has the rolled edge to keep the foot from slipping ... lots of nice little extra 's that set this apart from the rest.Very pleased with the Fiskars line of garden tools - either buy two or do n't let your husband borrow it ... you wo n't get it back	1
Has the usual ( very slight ) fade after 5 months , BUT it is not very noticeable I only mention it because I notice everything ( live in SB , Cali and we get moisture/sun every day ) . The material is thick and sturdy ... I bought this for my 48-50 inch grill so it would fully cover the sides and it is working out great . Cover would get 4.5 stars but I rounded down due to the color of green being slightly different , to me , that what it looks like in the photos . Will update after a full summer if it holds up and does n't crack , then bump up to 5 stars .	1
I love how powerful these are . I have cut up to 1.5 '' diameter with this ... any larger than that and I reach for a saw.My only complaint is that to get the large branches , you have to open the handles up all the way due to the power gear ( almost180 degrees apart ) . The limiting factor is cutting branches is whether I can open the handles far enough apart where I 'm working .	1
Easy to fill . Easy to clean . Easy to judge when a refill is necessary . Ant-proof.What 's not to like ? I have 3 and they are busy all summer long .	1
This nozzle seemed to be well made and it worked great for a few weeks.After about 2 months of occasional use ( maybe used it 4-5 times during that time ) , the whole nozzle started to leak water everywhere . Another reviewer mentioned that the internal components of this nozzle are made from cheap plastic and will break easily from regular use , and it seems they were right . No pressure at all on the trigger and there is water going everywhere . I just turn on the hose and immediately this nozzle starts leaking water.Do n't waste your money , get something better .	-1
I like virtually everything Fiskars makes , and this little axe is no exception . Kept sharp , it cuts any wood briskly and evenly .	1
Works like a charm . Put it together in a few minutes and cut an overgrown yard at a cabin . Had to make two passes - one at the highest length and one at desired length . The tall weeds did not cut , but I cut them with a lopper . Much easier to maneuver than my power mower and trimmer-mower .	1
I 've been in the Landscape Industry for over 60 years and have owned my own company for 23 years . One of the odder phenomenons I 've experienced is that client 's will spend $ 1,000 on a garden sculpture or $ 100 for a bottle of wine for a garden party but then they turn into Scrooge McDuck when it comes to sinking ANY SUM OF MONEY into the items required to properly care for the garden ! Gimmicks abound in any industry but it seems that in the Green Industry , a Fool and Their Money is Guaranteed to Be Parted ! Curly hoses , shrinky hoses , pink & purple hoses ... the very item that delivers Life Giving Water is dismissed and ignored and people insist on spending the LEAST amount of money on a hose . Aside from the very important matter of a hose needing double walls to withstand the constant P.S.I . ( pounds per square inch ) , a good hose also needs to have solid brass couplings , and have enough plys to avoid kinking.THIS hose delivers ! Yes , there is heft to it 's weight ... that 's what you NEED from a quality hose ! And , it refuses to kink , even when you try to kink it as a test . I 've bought Gilmour hoses for clients and my own company 's use for over 17 years and NEVER needed to replace a single one ! The 25 foot length is excellent to extend a longer hose for occasional use , rather than dragging that extra length around your property 24/7 . Also , for very small Urban Gardens , rarely do you need more than 15 feet of hose so the 25 ' length is perfect for city gardens or roof top decks.Here are some tips from someone that works for a living with garden hoses:1 ) Use a cheap rope that you pick up at the Dollar Store to get the MAXIMUM LENGTH of hose you need . Mark that length down . Then , using the same rope , measure the NORMAL LENGTH that you will need on a daily/weekly basis . If the difference is more than 10 feet , BUY TWO OR MORE HOSES ! Yes , I know that sounds insane but hear me out.If on a daily basis , you only need a 50 ' hose to reach your 40 ' garden , WHY are you buying a 100 ' hose to drag around ? If you only need that additional 25 or 50 feet for the few times you wash your car or windows or fill a pool , buy some quick-connects and the extention hose length that you 'll only use rarely . Hoses come in 10 ' , 25 ' , 50 ' , 75 ' , 100 ' and 150 ' length ; ONLY buy the shortest length you need 90 % of the time and then an additional hose to attach when needed.2 ) To coil your hose easily whether you store it on the ground or on a hose wheel , turn OFF THE WATER and keep the nozzle OPEN to drain the pounds and pounds of water that are trapped inside the hose ! If you hate getting dirty hands , use garden gloves to coil it up and using the natural curl of the hose , just continue to coil it , turning the hose as needed.3 ) During the Summer , attach a PLASTIC SHUT OFF VALVE to both ends of the hose : the one connected to your home 's spigot and also to the nozzle of choice . WHY ? Because plastic does NOT corrode like any metal will do and if you have high minerals in your water , there are times that the hose coupling will actually become permanently corroded to the spigot or nozzle , making it completely impossible to remove ! I know that we 're taught that Metal=Good and Plastic=Bad but trust me ... when I have to tell a client that they either need to replace a $ 70 hose or hire a plumber to remove a sealed/corroded coupling , that $ 2 dollar plastic gate valve becomes priceless ! 4 ) ALWAYS DRAIN YOUR HOSE , DETACH THE GATE VALVES AND STORE YOUR HOSE , VALVES AND NOZZLE IN A FREEZE-PROOF AREA ! ! ! If I do n't do it for my client 's and trust them to do it , it never gets done . And after the first hard frost , trapped water in nozzles , hoses and valves expands and can destroy all of the above in one night . It takes less than 30 minutes to winterize two hoses and attachments ; figure out the cost of replacing everything in Spring when you find them all destroyed ! 5 ) One of the best ways to RUIN ANY HOSE , is to tug-tug-tug at the coupling , which breaks the weld and suddenly you have a leak that ca n't be fixed ! I simply make a small loop in the end that attachs to the house which acts as a `` brake '' and takes the pressure off of the coupling and spigot.I only recommend landscape items that I trust to use with all my employees and on all my jobs . When I gain new clients , I teach them the benefits of a good hose and order it for them , never having to do it again . Buy one less bottle of good wine and use that cash for your hose . You wo n't be sorry ! : )	1
It was one thing when the desert rodents were eating the plants I just bought from the nursery ( See my review for the Havaheart ) . I figured , we 'll just live with it , find some plants they do n't like to eat , and keep catching and releasing miles away . It was quite another thing when they moved in to the F-150 and the station wagon . Woodrats lose all vestiges of cuteness when you find a pile of twigs and poop on top of your engine . So far , luckily , no chewed up wires.This product works . For us , it does n't even need bait . We just set it out and flip the switch . One time it only took 15 minutes to catch a ground squirrel.We freeze the bodies for my brother 's boa constrictor . She 's better fed now than she has been in a long time . And we also intentionally invite coyotes and bobcats to come for a free snack out in the middle of the driveway . ( I 'd much rather have them hunt my ground squirrel problem away . ) We 've caught mice , woodrats and several antelope ground squirrels . The kangaroo rats and lizards are n't interested in it . Now , if I could just get that long-tailed `` city '' squirrel that 's not native -- maybe if I bait it with some KFC .	1
I was really looking forward to trying out a reel mower and living a life of maintenance free mowing . It did n't work out . The second time I used it , the grass had gotten a little high , so there was a lot of back and forth action . It took forever , really . I know that this product is n't meant for that , but that was my situation . Anyway , as I was finishing the handle came apart . There are four wingnuts and bolts holding the assembly together , and one on each side had apparently worked their way off while I was mowing without me noticing . The third one came off as I was putting it away and the handle came apart.Yeah , I was putting a lot of stress on it compared to a regular mowing , but that should not have happened . I followed the assembly instructions to the letter . It was really a very simple assembly . I did n't miss any steps or try to do it without reading the instructions , though . I was very disappointed with this product.If you have a flat yard and are going to be able to keep it mowed short without ever letting it get out of hand AT ALL ( like leaving town for a couple weeks ) , this mower may be for you.If you have a sloped , lumpy yard , do not buy this product . Just do n't . It is so hard to use . I honestly think I would like it if I had a nice , flat yard , but as it is this thing was worthless to me .	-1
I bought this shovel from Amazon in December to be prepared for when the snowfall comes this season . My neighbor had one of these and loved the way it worked and how it made the job easier . I had to have it so I actually bought two . Little did I know that while I was Christmas shopping at Target I noticed them hanging there . Color is different but it 's the same one . Same manufacturer and same model number . They have it for $ 20 bucks . I bought mine for $ 27 and change for each here and noticed they have increased in price since then . Sometimes its better to get out of the house and shop around . You might get luckier than the deals you find from behind that monitor .	1
This connector hose came in and I installed it on my Craftsman hose reel . It works and fits perfectly and is doing a great job so far . The shiny brass connectors are a big improvement over the original connector hose that had grown old and leaky over the years.It also served as an occasion to service the Craftsman reel which I had been intending to do but had successfully put off for several years . The o-ring should be lubricated to keep it from drying out and starting to leak . In light of the occasion I also put a new hose on the reel and now it looks and works as good as new.The hose was shipped in very adequate boxing and arrived in perfect condition . If you 're using a hose reel this connector hose is a good catalyst for updating and maintaining your reel.I 'm very pleased with it .	1
When presented with a $ 750 estimate to trim trees and bushes in my yard , I decided to buy a pole saw and do it myself . I bought the Black and Decker cordless and am very satisfied with its performance . I have used it on oak limbs up to 5 '' , holly up to 6 '' , pear up to 4 '' and ligustrum up to 4 '' . It has had absolutely no problem with any of these limbs . You do need to plan your project ; i.e. , saw a bit , pick up , saw again , etc . ; otherwise , the battery will run down . The batteries seem good for only 30-45 minutes continuous duty ; it 's really necessary to have a spare . Another reason to break your work up is muscle fatigue . Although a light tool , its length ( especially at full extension ) will cause you to discover muscles you had forgotten you possessed , and I visit the gym 2-3 times weekly to lift weights . Again , this is a perfect tool for the home gardener ; however , I do not recommend it for heavy duty professional work . Make sure you read and follow the instructions .	1
I have horses but no place to store my hay so it often gets stored in the back of my pick up . No matter how well tarped it is the deer would get into it and ruin a good amount . Even parking next to the house and having a big dog here do not disuad them . I have been using these stakes for a couple of nights so far one on each side of the hay in the truck bed and have had no damage . I will update my review as time progresses.Well I moved some of my potted plants away from the porch and did n't use this product . 2 nights later they were all eaten off so now I know it was n't the dogs keeping the deer away from the hay . The only drawback I have found it that someone took 2 of these and laid them in a pile of hay and by the time I found out the batteries had discharged . The instructions tell you they will if they are in constant contact with anything . It would be nice if the manufacturer could somehow build in a cut off to prevent this from happening . Batteries are n't cheap .	1
This is exactly what I expected and exactly what I wanted . The unit is sturdy and well built . It is extremely easy to use on my lawn ( I have somewhat loamy soils , and we 've had rain within the past two weeks , so conditions are admittedly ideal ) . Just step on the step plate to insert the spikes straight down into the soil and pull up on the padded handles . If you 're going to be at it for a long time , wear gloves . If you have a sprinkler system , be sure you know where the sprinkler heads are before you start.By using this device to aerate a small portion of the lawn at a time , I will get the whole yard done by springtime without ever having to spend more than a few minutes at a time . I am looking forward to seeing if any get any visible improvement in the yard.In response to a few other reviews , it 's hard for me to imagine how the tines could be broken off without great effort . Perhaps those reviewers have especially rocky soil or are using the tool in an inadvisable manner ? I also do n't see how this tool could possibly exacerbate soil compaction . It makes little holes a few inches deep and a few inches apart . That will allow oxygen , water , and lawn amendments to move downward into the soil , and open up space for roots to grow . The core aerators might be marginally better ( mainly because they make a bigger hole ) , but I fully expect the spike aerator will improve conditions in very much the same manner ( while making twice as many holes with each insertion ) , and this unit received better reviews for durability .	1
I love the powder nectar . Easy to prepare . Good buy online , prompt delivery ! Left over nectar keeps great in fridge and ready to use .	1
This repellent does n't seem to work at all . We 'd recommend using spikes instead because this product did nothing to keep them out of our yard .	-1
I got this product specifically for humanely deterring squirrels . For some reason , this season I have had a major issue with squirrels destroying plants in my vegetable and flower gardens - they were eating the flower heads off my sunflowers , chewing my corn plants , stealing my tomatoes and digging annoying little holes everywhere in the garden.After one liberal application of `` Deer Off '' , the squirrels have not been back . I do n't even see them coming near my plants anymore . I am also pleased so far with how long a single application has lasted . It has been over a week and I have even had one tropical storm/depression roll through without any loss of effectiveness . When I start seeing the squirrels come back I will simply reapply the product . The power sprayer makes it easy to spray and the large , ready to use sized bottle provides enough for 3-4 repeated applications in my small sized gardens.The sprayer seems a little inconsistent , but it sure beats spraying by hand . It helps if you adjust the nozzle to the desired spray pattern.I have to say that I was skeptical of this product but I have become a believer . I will continue to use this product to rid my garden areas of those pesky , destructive squirrels . By the way , I also sprayed an `` invisible border '' around my bird feeder and this has effectively kept the squirrels out of my bird seeds ( the birds do n't seem to mind ) .	1
I have heard wonderful things about CO2 mosquito traps so I was thrilled to give this one a try.I ca n't even begin to tell you how frustrating my experience has been . We followed the instructions and kept getting blinking red lights ( error notification ) . We made several calls to customer service . They were friendly and helpful but nothing solved the problem.One rep suggested using a brand new propane tank . Eager to make it work we went out and bought a new tank . That still did n't help.The unit is worthless .	-1
I guess this might be ok if you had one VERY SMALL area to trim but it is very tedious and time consuming to use to trim multiple areas . I tried it out but decided to return it . Instead I broke down and purchased a cordless string trimmer ( 18 volt ) which I love and does the job much quicker and easier than this thing could ever hope to do . I wanted it to work for me but no way !	-1
I was somewhat skeptical that a lopper could handle a 3 inch branch - that 's usually something that I would use a hand saw for . But this lopper actually comes through ! It 's the first lopper I 've used with a ratcheting head which took me some time to get used to . You open the handles wide and the head snaps fully open . You then repeatedly open and close the handles and the jaws ratchets shut until the branch is cut . While this may seem to entail a bit more work , it 's much easier on the arms and shoulders since you 're cutting only a portion of the branch with every stroke . The head locks in the closed position for secure storage.The extendable handles work well , and have a click stop every few inches . No problems with the handles extending or retracting unexpectedly.The head is an anvil type head , so it 's best used on dead wood since the anvil crushes the limb when cutting . Live wood is best cut with a bypass lopper so there 's a clean edge.I use this mainly to chop up cut branches into manageable lengths . Makes quick work of the process . Good build quality - hoping for many years of use .	1
I ca n't complain about the squirrels because I put out peanuts and corn for them so I am inviting them into the yard . But they seem content to eat corn and peanuts . They do n't bother my other feeders . They are like little monkeys in the yard . I like to watch the squirrels . However this feeder still seemed like a good idea.I have had it up for a few weeks . I have black oil sunflower seeds in it . The birds hit it regularly.It looks great and seems quite durable . I have mine hung from a garden hook .	1
I wanted a patio box to reduce the clutter of watering cans , garden supplies , and other odds and ends that sat on my patio . This one is perfect ! It 's a great size , not too big , is sturdy , and was a breeze to assemble ( no tools needed ) . Very happy with this purchase .	1
I live in one of those communities that have common grounds which are kept up by a service ; as a result , I only have to tend the grounds in and around my house . I used to have to lug a power cord out to do it . With this device , though , I can charge it up overnight and then bounce outside for perhaps 3 minutes of effort at the most . You have not experienced convenience until you 've had the luxury of no gas and pullcord startup or long troublesome power cord , just a battery powered tool . It is definitely not for large estates , but for simple short jobs , it is perfect .	1
This thing is a waste of money for your 30 & # 34 ; Masterbuilt smoker . It is of cheap material . Easily blows off if you live in a windy area ( like I do ) and will certainly degrade quickly in the elements . If I had to do it over I would n't waste my $ on this . If it was half the price I would buy several but for what they are charging you are better off coming up with a cover solution of your own .	-1
Works great and is easy to replace spool of line string for my Black & Decker 20-volt battery/cordless weed trimmer ! Good value when purchased in package .	1
Pricey but worth it since it 's good for life . The hardest part is setting the tension so cardinal can feed but not Jay Birds.I ca n't say enough about Brome bird feeders . It hold seed and I use sun flowers seeds and mix a some nuts and fruit with it and most all birds love it .	1
i had a couple of spike impact sprinkler , and eventually the spikes for some reason got bend . go figure . So i ordered 2 of these to replace the spikes , and they work great . the impact sprinklers fit in well . I 've had them for 3 years now with no issues . Not much more to say . Buy them with confidence .	1
Our 50-foot Gilmour hose was just slightly too short to reach the garden , so I picked up this `` remnant '' for those additional couple of feet - it works like a charm . Pretty good price . Not the highest quality hose out there ( thin , rubbery and could kink ) , but is perfect for my use and great VALUE . The one I got was just like the picture - black in color .	1
I love this feeder . It is a little bit bigger than I expected , but I absolutely love it . I especially like the weathervane on the roof , which is also the latch that opens and closes the top . The opening to fill the feeder is quite large so it is very easy to fill and the feeding area is great for handling the peanuts and sunflower seeds I put in and has n't jammed or anything like that . An interesting feature is being able to control the bar that is meant to keep squirrels out ; I have n't figured out what adjustments I need to make , but it is a neat feature . Overall , I am very happy with my feeder and I am looking forward to getting a lot of bird traffic in my backyard with it .	1
This time of year is harvest time . That means various things . There are many vegetables that pass through our kitchen . There is a lot of chopping , cooking , canning , and preserving going on . In addition to that whole scenario , there is one more thing that is almost overwhelming at times- FRUIT FLIES.The Terro 2500 Fruit Fly Trap seemed like a godsend . I could not wait to use it . I was disappointed , however , when I saw that you get this little plastic apple like thing , and inside is a wick . There is a little squeeze bottle of oil that you put in the plastic apple and the idea is that you leave it standing upright in a place where the flies are and let it attract them . They stay trapped inside and can not reproduce.PROSThis does attract a lot of fliesIt is non-toxicIt is small to put in handy placesDoes trap fruit fliesCONSIs one time use onlyCan be tipped over easilyWastefulNeed to have a LOT of them to be effectiveIf these were re-useable , I would get them again for sure . I do n't think they are cost effective , however , and do n't like the fact that you have to keep throwing them away and use a lot of them to keep fruit flies down especially during harvest time.I only have one , and it has put a very slight dent in our fruit fly population , which means I would need a LOT of them to truly work . This is fine if you have occasional flare ups of fruit flies . If you have a bigger problem , however , they are not practical or cost effective , I do n't think .	-1
As I write this review , I can hear little critters scurrying around between the floors above my office . I have also seen mouse droppings on my kitchen counter . I baited aTomcat Snap Trapand aVictor Electronic Trapwith this attractant , and placed one trap in each area . So far no mouse has taken the bait.Up to this point , I 'd say this product is a dud .	-1
Since moving to the country , we 've had a problem with clothes moths . Mothballs in the cedar closet help , but we have other non-cedar closets and do n't want all our clothes to smell like mothballs . The little moths are very happy with our carpeting , upholstery , and our clothing no matter how often we vacuum or clean . I placed one of these traps in two different closets , both of which I knew to have more than just the occasional moth . In both cases , over the course of about three weeks , the trap caught a single moth . And in both cases , I spotted more than one moth on the wall and dispatched it more directly and vigorously.These traps are a single sheet of cardboard folded over to make a triangular opening at both ends . On the inside is adhesive , like fly paper , and onto that you place a small square of bait . Maybe there 's not enough bait , as the adhesive seems pretty strong , or maybe the moths I have do n't like this particular bait . In any event , I 'm still looking for a moth solution .	-1
This product was easy to set up and start using . The sprayer is battery operated so spraying it around the garden was a breeze . Fortunately there are no deer in our area , but I have all sorts of smaller critters digging up my garden ... squirrels , rabbits , cats , and raccoons . I applied this product a few weeks ago to certain parts of my garden that I have noticed digging in and so far so good . The areas have not been dug up again ( which is usually what happens when I repair the damage the critters have caused ) . I will update my results when more time has passed . I really like that this product is pretty much odorless . I have used other products in the past that were really nasty smelling . They not only kept the critters away , but they kept me and other family members away because the garden smelled so bad .	1
I bought two trowels from Amazon , one with a really big scoop and this one . I use this for my smaller plantings . It is well made and that is true with Fiskars . You can count on that manufacturer to sell a good product . It is small and that is what I was looking to buy .	1
I received the Grodan rockwool 1.5 inch cubes with 45 cubes in the package . Following their directions , the cubes have worked well in starting my chard seeds for my hydroponics garden . Though I have n't seen anyone else mention this , I noticed that once the chard plants were full-sized and had well-established roots directly in the hydroponics solution , the chard appeared to prefer my leaving the rockwood cubes dry so they could stand up better .	1
The birds love it and it will really last . Holds a great amount of food . It 's close to spring and we have hundreds of different birds eating from our amazon purchased feeders	1
I have had this mower for five seasons so far , during which I typically have to mow twice per week from March through October or even November . In other words , this mower has seen lots of use , and it has n't failed me.There are several reasons I love this mower:1 ) I am allergic to gasoline , so I avoid using it as much as possible . Therefore , it is extraordinarily helpful to have an electric mower that allows me to avoid yard-based gasoline-guzzling & # 34 ; appliances & # 34 ; completely.2 ) It is light-weight , so I can handle it on my own.3 ) The handle easily folds down so it takes up less room in storage during the winter,4 ) Because it is electric , I can flip it upside down to clean it out without worrying about spilling any toxic chemicals.5 ) It does a very good job cutting grass ! This is important in a mower ! It also does a good job mulching grass clippings.6 ) It can handle hills without any issue.7 ) It is easy to adjust the cutting height . In fact , the cutting height can be adjusted with one hand , by moving the handl on the left side of the mower.8 ) It is QUIET ! This mower emits less than half the noise polution that a typical mower emits . I could probably mow very early in the morning and not annoy my neighbors too much . : ) 9 ) It does n't pollute the air the way gas-powered mowers do.10 ) It is easy to start , with no pulling , keys , or other obstacles . Just plug this baby in , pull up on the little orange handle ( on the main handle ) , and mow . That 's it ! Using a cord can be annoying at times , but it is something to which I QUICKLY became accustomed , and I quickly set up my & # 34 ; ballet routine & # 34 ; of mowing while avoiding the cord . It is n't that bad . : )	1
After I started having trouble with a sore knee , I go this to help me in the garden . It 's lightweight so easy to move around the garden , holds my tools , and is perfectly sized for me to sit on while weeding , planting flowers and everything else . It has really saved my knees a lot of wear and tear and I am finding it super-convenient for storing my tools . It even had a holder for my water bottle . It 's great !	1
I needed a relatively short garden hose and this APEX REM 15-foot hose fit the bill at a reasonable price . This Amazon item sells various remnants ( i.e . left-overs from longer hoses ) so what you get is not necessarily matches the stock photo . I am attaching a photo ( under customer photos ) of the hose I received - a green light-duty 3-ply hose . It looks just like many longer hoses I bought a local home improvement store . It is 15-feet by 5/8 inches . The hose is reinforced and comes with standard brass couplings . The couplings made good connections and do not leak even without Teflon tape.The hose came tightly wrapped which caused some kinks in the hose - I highlighted two of them in the attached photo . However , after several days in the sun with water running through the hose the kinks are working themselves out and the water flow is not impeded significantly.Overall , I am pleased with this purchase.Ali Julia review	1
These are great for fine detail snipping.I would n't use them to prune a very thick branch , but for leaf work its great .	1
As we move away from rat bat poison feeding stations ( to save wildlife that eats the dead rats and then dies because of the poison in them , and to prevent rats from dying in your walls and stinking to high heaven ) this is an option I considered . Well , let me tell you , this thing did catch a rat quickly but I frankly do n't even want to type what I found the next day when I found the rat on this glue pad . It was something out of a horror movie and I felt so bad that I inflicted that kind of suffering on any creature , even a rat ( and I HATE HATE HATE RATS ! ! ! HATE ! ! ! ) .So , I 'm switching back to snap traps , which kill the rats instantly ( in most cases ) . Sorry , I ca n't recommend these .	-1
Not what I expected . This is to be added in sitting water . My mistake . I thought it was a dry type of killer feed .	-1
This has a tendency to stall . Tried using it and after about 15 minutes or so , it stopped . Had to wait about 30 minutes before it would turn on again . I do n't like yard work , so this just prolonged the agony . I 've used the Green Machine trimmer and had better , consistent results .	-1
The Havahart Deer Off II Repellant is a good solution to keep the critters away from your gardens . I have used this with success to keep rabbits and squirrels and deer away from my garden . The sprayer bottle is easy to use with a battery powered spray wand . Keeps the fatigue away . You can use this around your flowers , plants and vegetables . Spray a perimeter and keep applying it after heavy rain . You should see good results !	1
Used once and really like it . I smoked whole chicken , but I cut chicken in half and smoked about 1.5 hours on lower heat . The chips birned , so next time I would add more chips . I did have to finish chicket ( to add some crispiness ) in the oven for 10 min . The chicken came out excellent , best chicken I ever cooked . With chicken smoked potato and came out very nice as well with delicate flavor of smoke . Also , I considered as a bonus the aroma of smoked wood that fill out my house , loved it . It was not strong , but flavorful . Highly recommend this product .	1
Bought this for my 10KW Generac portable generator , and it does the job . Covers the engine and generator , and if you 're patient , you can even leave the handles exposed through the corner slits in the cover . Seems adequately strong with well-sewn seams - should last a long time , and it 'll keep my generator warm and dry over the winter.Definitely recommended for any large portable generator .	1
SInce I have watched a mouse run right past a trap baited with this gel , I do n't think it works particularly well . I am still doing better with the traps baited with good old fashioned peanut butter .	-1
I bought this organizer to clean up the stacks of tools I had leaning against every wall in my shed . It did the perfect job . My husband even commented on the great choice I made . Very durable and sets up in just a minute .	1
I 've had many hummingbird feeders , but this is the first one that opens from the top . It is so much easier to fill , I did n't even need a funnel . And cleaning the glass jar is so much easier also . And if I 'm going to be gone for a few days , I can top the nectar off . I like the ant moat on top also , as I do have that problem . I wish it was a little deeper though , as I think it will dry up very fast on hot days . I do n't know if this feeder comes in a larger size , but if it does , I would like one . I feed a lot of hummers ! By the way , you do n't need artificially colored purchased nectar . Just boil 4 parts water and one part sugar for a couple of minutes , and let it cool.Well , sadly I 'm only giving this 2 stars now instead of 5 . Why ? Because the hummers do n't like it . It 's not because it does n't have a base . My other glass feeder does n't either , and they love my old one . I have this one hanging in a small oak tree , so the have lots of places to sit after eating . So I think it must be the rubbery flowers . maybe I can switch the flowers from my other old perky pet feeder .	-1
Well , the price is OK , but while I expected some of the ladybugs to be DOA , it looked to me that out of 1500 about 300-400 came dead . I will look for local suppliers in the future .	-1
Super fast shipping . Great addition to my Weber 221/2 '' Performer barbecue ! What 's confusing is that I called Weber 's customer service and they told me that the rotisserie would not fit the Performer barbecue . OK then I e-mailed there tech staff , e-mail sent back also saying that the rotisserie would not fit the performer ! ( Neither correspondence could tell me why it would n't fit ) . I read the reviews on Amazon and there were two which said that the rotisserie fit and worked fine on their performers . So I purchased one and they are correct it fits and work 's great.Thanks guys ! ! I will be calling Weber again today to dispute their claims !	1
I guess I should have read all the reviews ... I got this the other day and opened it tonight to try on my plants . I tried my cactus 's first ... indicator showed dry ... thought ok , have n't watered them in awhile . Then I tried it on some plants I just watered yesterday ... dry again . Humm ... . can not be correct . Put the probe in a glass of water ... still dry . Obviously this is defective or cheap . It 's going back and I 'll look for another ... .	-1
I love this little blower ! I can grab it at a moment 's notice and blow the leaves , pine needles , and other debris out of my courtyard . SOOO much easier than dragging out the corded electric blower for quick light jobs ! Fits my `` girl hands '' nicely , not too heavy , not too noisy , lasts about 15 minutes . For the big jobs , I 'll still get out the `` monster '' electric blower that works like a hurricane coming through , but with this little guy I find myself blowing leaves and stuff frequently now , instead of dreading getting out the big one for a small job . I 'm going to look at the other items they make that uses the same battery pack too .	1
These fit plastic trays available at WalMart and Home Depot . Easy to water and can plant entire plug without damage to seedling roots .	1
I filled it and put it outside on my porch . The small birds do n't use it at all . The larger birds have tried several times but they weigh too much and the feeder starts to sway and the birds ca n't hang on and leave .	-1
I purchased two of these traps for my folks home . They are having a cat problem . Cat are leaving dropping around and harrasing the family bird in the back yard . People Spay or Neuter your car-Bob Barker . I set up the traps in the back yard . I bought cheap cat food tins , or tuna cans if I ran the first one . Just study where the cats enter your property and leave the trap activated with food . I like using an old bed sheet cut to the shape of the trap . So as not give off the shiny factor of the trap . Animals are more suspicious of shiny new objects than covered up ones . Plus having something over your cage calms the cat down and wont be meowing as much during the night once they are trapped . As I put these traps up , snap in 10 minutes . Animal Control in my area only takes feral cats and not cats that are domesticated . But less cats in my area .	1
Apparently someone tipped off my mole that these strange colored fake worms may not be healthy to eat . My mole runs around happy as a lark and would not touch this fake worm with a ten foot pole . I will have to try a different method to get rid of this unwelcome guest because the fake worm does not do the job .	-1
These pruning snips are fantastic . They are super light and easy to use . The handles are comfortable and the spring action is extremely nice , even after heavy use . I really like the cases that cover the blades when they are being stored . My lefty husband and I ( right-handed ) can easily share them . I highly recommend them !	1
Great product to keep those pesky animals away from your plants and shrubs . It works ! Ease of use is the fact that it has a powered sprayer . This new technology is taking hold with other products like bug sprays and is making user friendly real !	1
My parents have a strawberry patch out back and use this to protect it from deer and rabbits . It did the trick and allowed them to walk out there and spray the surrounding area without too much effort . We had n't seen any bites in the patch after having used this stuff - so it must work ! And we have some AGRESSIVE rabbits , too ! !	1
My order arrived promptly and in perfect condition . Excellent packaging ! Quality of Gauge was evident -- solid brass fittings , clear 0-200 lb . increments and metric scale ( atmospheres ) .A special Flat Rubber Washer ( included ) prevents leaks and helps keep water out of the housing . BE SURE the flat rubber washer is in place and fitting is tight to the spigot or manifold before water is turned on ! ! Do n't dare lose that Flat Washer , 'cause a regular Hose Washer wo n't work ! ! IF you have installed the Flat Washer and tightened the Fitting properly before turning on the water -- and you see water inside the gauge , turn it off and SEND IT BACK as defective . Amazon 's Returns Policy is the best in the on-line retail business , so it 's a hassle-free deal to get an exchange or refund.Good Luck ! !	1
I 'm updating my last review where I said it did n't work . I 've since moved it to a new location and this trap collect hundreds of flies . I can really see a difference when I got outside now.I would also like to add that I did n't take this down during hurricane sandy and it held up to the really bad rain , and very high wind pretty well ! I thought it was gon na be all ripped apart when I went out there to look at it . The winds reached at least 90MPH . So do n't worry if you get a bad storm . As long as you have it tied up good it should stay .	1
I find a lot of these products work if you keep reapplying . I have deer and rabbits - squirrels , too , but they do n't eat my plants . This is for ornamental plants , only , or you will have a tough time scrubbing it off your lettuce ! I do n't really find the battery sprayer to be better than a hand sprayer , but no doubt if you are spraying a large area , you 'll appreciate the battery power .	1
This spreader is a great deal , much much cheaper than in the brick and mortar stores . It looses one star because from time to time it jams . But for the price I can forgive that and only deduct one star .	1
This this is the best . It was easy to install and setup and the guillotine nature of the suspended lights make it easy to adjust the light source as your plants grow . I had this system combined with the greenhouse kits and heat mats with thermostats and my starters came up extraordinarily quicker than any other method I have tried previously . I did notice it took a bit longer for it to ship , but it is an absolute charm . No more trying to grow plants in my kitchen window sill !	1
I bought my garden claw several years ago . I was looking for something to help turn compost into my vegetable gardens.The criterion I was looking for was something inexpensive that would n't break the bank the way a tiller would . But would still get the job done without causing me to be laid up with back pain for a week . For the most part I have been very pleased.We have 2- 12'x12 ' , and 2-8'x8 ' beds along with a few smaller freestyle plots , and we mainly use the claw to add compost and cow manure to them every Spring . With the claw I am able to quickly mix in my amendments , and to loosen up the soil about a half foot down in next to no time . If I want to go extra deep , it does take a double dose of clawing , but it is worth it in the end . And it really is not that much extra work since the soil has been pre-loosened a bit by the first go around.As far as starting a bed from scratch , I have used it to start new plots , but only after the sod has been removed . I do think it would be a tough chore to try to do a new bed from start to finish , with only the Claw , and without removing the grass first , but not impossible.When weeding I find it invaluable for use in between rows . It is a breeze to simply stick the claw into the center of a clump of weeds and give a twist and a tug and be done.My one complaint is that the handle has come a tad bit loose . It is still perfectly functional and it took about 5 or more years of good solid use for that to happen , but for someone with a larger plot who uses it more often it may be a concern .	1
This was a little difficult to put together for me with my disabilities . But I did it ! I wish it had two lights . I tried to start seeds with it , but they do better in my Aero Garden . I 'm hopingIt will be enough to keep my pepper and tomato plants going until spring . The replacement bulbs are not all the same , so be careful that you get at least what you got with it . I 'm still trying to find some that are affordable and will do the job .	1
I ca n't rate it for deer or rabbits . But we get squirrels in our attic , especially as Fall & Winter approach.I 've patched the roof ( twice now ) where they chewed into the crawl space . I do n't know if my roof work was the solution , or if the spray works , or both . I tend to think the spray helps because squirrels can actually chew through a 2x4 if they really want in . So I think the smell ( or however it works ) helps repel them.It 's also super easy to apply , with the powerful battery powered sprayer . I can actually get the spray onto the 2nd story of my house from a little step ladder . The bottle comes with batteries , and the sprayer works great . And I really love that it 's non-toxic , so if some of it drifts into the yard , it 's no big deal .	1
I buy 50 pound bags of dog food and have been using plastic bowls to scoop out the chow into a bucket to carry into the dog pen to fill poochie 's dish . After going through several bowls which tend to crack and break , I purchased this aluminum scoop.Hot dog , does it work so much better than a bowl ! ! It 's strong and durable and will last no doubt for many years . I did n't measure how much , but the scoop holds a lot , and I can fill a bucket in no time.What else can I say about a scoop ? It 's strong , has a nice finish to it , it 's easy to use , and holds a lot . In fact it 's so nice , I 'll probably have to hide it from the Grill King so he does n't scarf it to use for the charcoal .	1
this is a great tool for small areas - flower bed , maybe . But do n't expect to do your entire yard with it unless you 're ready for a real workout !	1
Well , although it works like its supposed to ( so far ) when a squirrel climbs on it , the squirrels jump on it to swing it and when they jump off , the spring loaded gizmo pops back into place and seed falls to the ground , giving the squirrels what they want.You also need to hang this up much higher as its on the long side and some squirrels jump from the ground and climb up it . I also do n't fill the feeder to the top because its way too heavy and the way i have it hung really droops the rope making it hang too low.As for the construction of the feeder , its just a matter of time before either the springs rust and do n't slide up and down anymore or the tiny pins the springs click into will fail . Even when this happens its still a nice large feeder that plenty of birds can share . I honestly do not think that there is anything out there that truly keeps the squirrels away .	-1
I was hoping this was just a trap , instead it is a bait station loaded with a toxic green wafer as 'food ' . I do not recommend , there 's been more than a few family pets lost due to eating poisoned mice , unfortunately .	-1
Great garden sprayer ! It features many spray patterns and has an extremely comfortable grip , the only fault I can find with it is that it feels as if its made out of a fairly cheap plastic . That really wasnt worth dinging it a star because it comes at such a low price and despite this , it works perfectly every time .	1
It has been such a lot fun watching the squirrels go nuts trying to foil this . Not happening . I 'm saving a lot of money on bird seed , using this feeder .	1
As grill brushes go , this is pretty nice . The extra-long handle is great for doing a burn-off cleaning , and the metal clip is perfect for cleaning off the cast-iron grills available on the Genesis.Amazon 's price is also 50 % less than every store I 've seen this at ( Sears , True Value , etc . ) , so I may pick up a couple more as spares .	1
We had a gas grill for years but opted to go back to a charcoal grill . This Weber grill made our decision easy . Outstanding medium size grill for the two of us grilling several items and works well for 4 or more depending on what you need to prepare on the grill . Suggest using the Weber Rapidfire Chiminey for starting your briquets ... it 's great and makes your job not only easier but the food taste better without the use of starter fluid . Great grill ... .great name behind it ! !	1
We live deep in the woods . A day with deer in the yard , summer , winter , spring or fall , is the norm . However , in the winter , I could spray arsenic on our shrubs and the deer would still eat it . They get hungry in the dark of winter and eat holly bushes , evergreens , rhododendrons , and anything else no matter how close it is to the house.So Deer Off helps to deter them . For awhile . But not forever . But we are the exception I believe . It does seem to keep them off until they are really desperate or I just do n't get out often enough to reapply . When we have 12 '' of snow and it 's 20 degrees out , I 'm not in the mood to fill my sprayer and go out to save the shrubs . Really , who would be ? Is that the fault of Deer Off ? No.So I can tell you about this bottle . I 've used a prepackaged spray bottle of Deer Off before . It was hard work to get it to cover all we needed treated , even if it was battery powered . It was like washing a car with a toothbrush.At least with this , I can fill our four gallon sprayer and go to town . That means some additional work on my part to mix and measure and make sure the sprayer does n't clog but it also gets the job done more efficiently in the long run.I do n't care about the bunnies . The squirrels stopped coming for tea when I ditched the bird feeders . It 's really the deer that think we are an all you eat buffet . For now , they are surrounded by a plush forest full of fresh plants . But all bets are off in December .	1
Pros : - Compact , sturdy , easy to setupCons : - Expensive- Very hard to clean the peanut butter out of the unit- Given the above , actual reusability and longevity is in questionMy major gripe on this product is how hard it is to clean . The peanut butter ca n't sit in there forever , eventually it gets a little rotten and you do n't want that smell in your house so it has to be cleaned . The peanut butter , once smeared to the back wall , is imbedded into the vent holes and into the cracks and corners of the inside compartment . I bought 2 units and each unit took me 20 minutes to clean with a bunch of toothpicks , qtips anda bottle of rubbing alcohol . Not well designed with this in mind at all and at this price point , I expect more . Perhaps the sellers are just hoping you 'll give up and throw it out so you can buy another one from them ? It 's cynical to think so but go ahead and try cleaning one and you 'll likely agree with me .	-1
The mice and I have been having a tough ground war ever since the neighbors decided to re-do their mini-barn and several families of mice turned our house into their own personal refugee camp.Anyway , we 've used traditional traps , regular glue traps and these covered glue traps . We 've killed lots and lots of mice but it took a LOOOOOOONG time for this covered trap to actually catch anything . It looks like it would work great ( mice like tunnels ) but it did not .	-1
When I received this product , the bolt to tighten the baffler was not the correct size so I called the manufacturer . They were quick to respond and sent me a second whole bird feeder . The issue with the second one is that it was missing all of the hardware . Since I received this as part of the Vine program , I was not going to waste any more of my time trying to get this manufacturer to ship out the correct parts.We gerryrigged the baffler , but it makes removing it to put more seed in very laborious . So far after 2 weeks no birds . It does take awhile to get birds to a new feeder.Why the one star ? Too expensive and the manufacturer has obvious problems with packaging . Not worth the time and money . Buy something for less money . A hint on keeping squirrels away from feeders is to remove any from areas where squirrels can jump to . We have six feeders and no squirrels . Now deer are another thing altogether !	-1
Currently I hate this thing . I may need to oil it/adjust it or make some other modifications but it squeaks of metal on metal and cuts about 1/3rd of the grass I pass over with it . I found a manual mower like this in the yard of the first home I bought and used it for years . It was better than any mower I 've ever owned . This seems to perform like a cereal box toy imitation of what a manual push mower is supposed to be like . Pooptastic . I will update this review if I am able to modify it to actually cut grass , but out of the box it seems to make far too many blade passes per distance traveled to ever perform well . Also the last model I had had two counter-rotating blades and this only has one rotating in one direction against a stationary blade/block .	-1
Wasted money . We bought a couple of these 10-12 years ago for $ 8 each and they were great tables ! Have n't had to replace them until now as they do eventually degrade in the sun like all resin/plastics do.However , THE PICTURES SHOWN HERE ARE OF THE `` OLD '' MODEL ! ! ! but what you get is a very cheap and flimsy newer model . The top of the old ones were smooth and of thicker plastic . The tops of these are so flimsy and thin you can see the ridges where the top is molded to the support brackets underneath.While it does n't affect sturdiness ( or lack thereof ) , the bottom supports shown do not extend beyond the legs . I mention this only to show you the difference between the `` really great '' tables and the newer `` really cheap and flimsy '' tables.STAY AWAY from these , especially if you 're thinking you are getting the same quality tables as they used to be . These are nothing more than a cheap knock-off version of those old , very good tables - very sad . We 're so disappointed . Considering these were $ 10 MORE than the old ones , I was really hoping to get the same quality stuff . Fooled us this time , wo n't fool us again . We 're staying away from anything with this brand from now on .	-1
Must have shut-off valve so you dont have to keep running back to the main valve to cut the water on/off when changing attachments .	1
Pros : ReusableNo danger to pets or kids if you bait with nontoxic food.Cons : Winding gizmo is touchy.If two mice end up in it , the results can be gruesome . I really don & # 8217 ; t want to be checking the trap all the time to avoid having to look at the corpses of dueling mice . This also makes the claim that it can catch 10 mice at a time dubious . I think it is more humane to just kill them instantly . If you use this trap you have to decide if you want to let them go ( to repopulate ) or kill them yourself somehow.I think I would rather go back to my old fashioned snap traps ( at least I know there will not be any mice gladiator battles ) or my new fangled electrocution chamber ( which also kills instantly ) .	-1
Here is a product that even though I own , I still do n't fully understand . It 's supposed to lighten the weight of pots ... but it 's just not deep enough to make a good difference . It 's also so porous that it 's not easy to really clean well.Wish I had something better to report , but I think I 'm just going to continue using rocks for pot drainage .	-1
I have used these for years in my rain barrels . They work great to keep those dreaded mosquitos from breeding .	1
I have used Deer Off before . Like most repellents of this sort , the product relies on rotten egg and capsaicin to deter deer . It also has garlic in it.My experience with the product has been very good . I prefer to buy the concentrate versus ready-made as all deer repellents tend to be expensive . It is usually cheaper to buy Deer Off concentrate than ready-to-use mixtures , but keep an eye out for sales . On occasion it is better to buy their 64 ounce ready-made , and some containers feature a battery powered sprayer.I do switch brands from season to season . Here 's why : if everyone in your neighborhood goes to the same large store or even local hardware store , they tend to buy the same spray . This means every shrub in every yard is treated with the same product.The deer eventually are going to eat something , and when they run out of untreated food , or are simply hungry enough , they are going to eat treated vegetation . So if they wander into 5 yards and 4 smell identical , they tend to avoid the 5th yard a little longer . I know this is not a scientific approach , but it is simple and has held true for me for the most part.Of course during a harsh , cold season , deer will eat even things they rarely touch , sprayed or not.So I rotate between Deer Off and another product , as well as my homemade recipe . The homemade spray is simply a gallon of water poured into a plastic milk jug , to which I add one raw egg , some hot sauce or powder , some garlic , a teaspoon or two of cinnamon , and a couple of squirts of liquid dish detergent . I close the gallon container and put it out in the heat/sun to rot . It smells bad , but so do most of these products . For a fraction of what commercial sprays cost , I have an effective homemade ( inexpensive ) spray . Every time I use some of the jug I read water and another egg . Every few uses I add some more of the other ingredients.The main ingredients are similar to a commercial product . I add cinnamon as it cloaks some of the bad odor with a sweet smell as you walk past the plants , without making them taste/smell better to deer . The dish detergent helps the spray adhere to plants but wo n't hurt the plant . Keep in mind your dog may lick some of it up because of the egg.The main difference between homemade spray ( aside from cost ) is you have to respray it more frequently ( after any heavy rain and most showers ) .As far as Deer Off , I like it , it typically works for me . I shook it up before mixing , etc . and while I did not notice any usual thickness , my sprayer also clogged ( I see a few reviews about that ) . I have a battery powered sprayer ( originally from a Deer Off spray ) . I flushed it with water and it was OK so I do n't know if it was a fluke . I have reused it since with this product and its been fine.I like this product as one of the 2 or 3 commercial brands I use , and have found it to be the most effective ( and also the strongest smelling ) .	1
I put this in several traps in an area where I know rats are ( my attic ) , but it did n't attract any rats . That 's pretty much all there is to say .	-1
Either we have smart moles , or I ca n't follow directions , or maybe the weather has been a factor . I do n't know , but the Sweeney Mole trap has n't caught anything in five weeks here . The yard is covered with tracks . I tried to be careful and selective about placing the trap . I 've tried several different locations , all of which seemed to be active trails . The trap has sprung exactly once , but it was empty.On the other hand , the trap is easy to set up and use . So , in that respect , I ca n't complain . Also , we have had unusually rainy weather here over the last month , so that may have caused behavioral changes for the moles - different trails and such.I do n't know the answer , but we have n't caught any moles !	-1
Perky Pet 's feeder is big , beautiful , and bright , a beacon for our birds who found it within an hour after it was hung . It was disconcerting that the feeder came with no paperwork , but I did figure out how to fill it with seed , and how to adjust the tension . The weather vane twists off for filling , but it is a little tricky to line up for reinstallation . Fortunately the feeder holds so much seed that it wo n't need to be filled often.The fit and finish of the feeder is very good ; I 've found no paint blemishes or defects . My one complaint is that I wish the weight sensitive perch that closes when squirrels stand on it was a bit more sensitive . A large blackbirds can alight on the perch at one time and devour quite a bit of seed ; I 've noticed that two blackbirds in the perch at once can close the door to the seed . We have another squirrel proof feeder in the yard that seems to be more sensitive and closes access to the food more readily when large birds try to gorge themselves.Bottom line - This is an attractive feeder that our squirrels have n't figured out YET .	1
I 'm on my 3rd bottle of this in the last four years . It works very well . I can treat standing water in a variety of scenarios . Dosage is dependent on surface area not volume of water . The active ingredient is toxic only to mosquito larvae so pets and wildlife are unaffected . I collect a lot of rainwater and could n't do without this product , now .	1
Look , I 've used a lot of electric string trimmers over the years , but I received this product because I 'm an Amazon Vine member , and there was no cost to me . Cheap is dear ( I spent a fair amount of time trying to get this trimmer to work , and my time is not `` free '' ) ! First of all , this 14 '' trimmer is fairly easy to assemble , and it looks nice , but that 's where the positive comments end.The motor is only 5.5 amps and my Black & Decker GrassHog ( model GH2000 ) has a 7.2 amp motor , and the difference is amazing.This Remington product is also quieter than the B & D ; trimmer , but that 's really not an important statistic , because an ineffective trimmer that 's quiet , is still useless . This Remington trimmer also has a double nylon line , but the `` automatic '' line advance simply does n't work at all . I turned the power switch on and off many times , but the lines never advanced at all , so the trimmer was basically useless ! I notice that another reviewer said the same thing about the `` EZ line advance '' , and that reviewer was correct.The only electric trimmer that I 've found to be really effective is the Black & Decker Grasshog 2000 , and this Remington model does n't hold a candle to it . If a string trimmer ca n't automatically lengthen its line ( s ) , then it 's useless , and that 's the case with this Remington trimmer . Plus the nylon line diameter appears to be less than that on the Black & Decker GH2000 , so the combination of a lighter motor , a lighter/thinner line , and an automatic line lengthener that does n't work , makes for a product that 's ineffective and not worth buying.By the way , as another reviewer has also said , the `` length '' adjustment on the handle does n't extend to a long enough length for me , and I 'm also 5 ' 11 '' . I 'm giving this product two stars instead of one , just because I ca n't believe that all of these Remington trimmers have a line advance that does n't work at all . It 's possible ( but not likely ) that I got a bad trimmer .	-1
I have used other Krud Kutter products that are outstanding . Consequently , I was eager to try this product on my aluminum house and white vinyl fence . It caused no change to the surface of the aluminum siding . It did not do nearly enough to cut the seasonal green mold on the vinyl fence , even full strength with a brush . Letting it sit awhile did not bring a better result . I expected better , and will keep looking for some application where it eases a cleaning chore .	-1
When first opening the package and putting it together I noticed how impatient I am . The included batteries chose not to work as quickly as I expected ; however , after changing them for fresh ones and after a little more patience the sprayer for the Havahart Critter Repellent worked with ease and the test began . Deer Off II is of little value if there are few or no critters who roam the lands . We have several `` gangs '' of deer , about 2 or 3 families of skunks , several raccoons and squirrels plus a whole hooting nanny of turkeys of different sizes . Due to the nature of the land layout the deer have established a path from the hill across the street , across the creek and then through the front yard , up the back hill and into the woods . I put down a blockade of Deer Off II to see if it had any impact . It worked and after several days of rain and heat it still works . Yesterday I was watching out for a delivery and I noticed a herd of deer crossing the creek about 100 yards away instead of using their normal path through our yard . They are so pretty especially now when their antlers are beginning to lose the felt covering but they can eat an azalea plant in a short time . I can not tell about the other critters yet . They mostly travel at night and I do not . I put down a circle around the garbage can and as of now there have been no signs of critters other than a lizard leaving droppings most would not believe in terms of size for its size . Nature is wonderful as long as it recognizes an old curmudgeon such as I . Great product and works better than I expected .	1
Pros:1 ) Beautiful sear marks and flavour2 ) Preseasoned , so it 's easy care , just wipe down with an oily paper towel , and remember to cleanup the ash after use.3 ) Simple effective no-frills design.4 ) Can be used as an outdoor firepit.5 ) Sturdily built.6 ) The oval shape is much more space-efficient than the round one : a ) for finding somewhere to put it , b ) the cooking surface - you can fit 6 burger patties on this , flank steak , a full rack of ribs , good sized slab of salmon ... ( not all at once ! ) plus two or three medium potatoes wrapped in foil next to the coals . You can cook for 2-6 pple.c ) in arranging the coals for the right type of heat for what you want to cook.Cons:1 ) No lid -- For a lid , I would suggest the Cajun Classic brand cast-iron oval dutchoven flipped upside down.2 ) Matching oval-shaped Lodge cast-iron Dutch oven is discontinued ( could be used as lid , griddle and dutch oven ) .3 ) It is heavy4 ) It is ugly5 ) Design too basic ? Could be made more user friendly with height-adjust option during cooking . Currently , you have to flip the grill over to change height.You have to really know your coals . Not very charcoal-phob friendly.6 ) Limited use : a ) Cast Iron retains heat and cools slowly , so not very pratical for anything where you might have to move it before it cools.b ) Needs to be baby-ed : water + ash = lye , which will eat away at the cast iron bottom causing rust . So no open grilling in a snowstorm , during unstable weather , or leaving out overnight to cool . You have to go back out when it cools to put it under some sort of cover.Needful accessories:1 ) Oval dutch oven to be flipped upside down and used as a lid.2 ) Chimney starter.3 ) dutch oven lifter which can we used to lift the grill grate and adjust the height while grate is still hot.4 ) alternately a pair of heat resistant gloves.5 ) 2 pairs of heat resistant tongs , one for fiddling with the coals/ash and another for cooking with.6 ) The nylon cover to help protect it from weather ( better than nothing , but a garage or shed is best ) .Conclusion : Love it for its efficient size and shape , great sear marks and flavour . Hate it for when the sky threatens to snow/rain.Precaution for those who live on the shore : I live by the shore and have salt water mist roll in overnight . I MUST move it into the shed , as moisture/mist/condensation will collect even under the protective covering . Also , a well oiled and cleaned grate will rust in the salt mist if left out overnight .	1
I usually use the Catchmaster brand traps , but saw these in the store and thought I 'd give them a try . While they have the same design as the Catchmaster ( basically a cardboard triangle with a sticky interior and a scent lure to attract the male moths ) they do n't work nearly as well . In the same cabinet , the Catchmaster trapped over a dozen moths ; the Safer only got one.I 'll be sticking ( sorry for the horrid pun ) with the Catchmaster from now on .	-1
This is a substantial , yet almost invisible pot holder . Come to think of it , though , I have a light pot and plant in it ; if I had this attached to a railing on a second story or higher railing , I would think twice about placing a heavy pot in it for fear that it might break and fall . I like it fine on our first floor railing.The nuts to adjust the holder could be better . I would suggest using stainless steel wing nuts -- or even plastic with brass thread insert knobs -- to replace the acorn nuts . Even with those changes , this is still a reasonably-priced plant pot holder .	1
After using the old wooden mouse traps for years , I discovered they just do n't seem to work as well as they used to and mice would often lick the traps clean . So , I began buying different traps to experiment and see if I could find a better trap . The TOMCAT REUSABLE MOUSETRAP was one of the traps I tried . The traps say that they offer a `` clean to-touch disposal '' whose `` patented design is guaranteed effective '' . I should have contacted the company about that guarantee because these traps do not work at all . I tried using these traps for a week . Each morning I would awaken to find the traps still set , but licked clean of the peanut butter and cheese . After trying to catch mice for a week using TOMCAT REUSABLE MOUSE TRAPS I gave up and threw the traps away . Even though the wooden traps are n't as reliable as they used to be , they at least caught a mouse eventually . These traps are a waste of money . DO NOT buy .	-1
I just used this after thatching my lawn of all the dead roots and grass . After cleaning the soil , I watered the lawn . Only then did I use this aerator . Very simple to use . Just put your foot inside and step on the ground , and put your weight on it . I walked around my lawn with this . It was not back breaking work.It did not compact your soil as others have mentioned . If you watered the soil , and the soil is wet , it will put holes through the soil then pull up some soil . It loosened up my top soil . I then proceded to plant the grass seeds . After 1 week , grass has started growing and evenly too . My lawn is starting to look good , nice and green.I highly recommend this . Actually , the reason I bought this is because my neighbor has one , and he used it on his lawn . His lawn looks great , so I just followed his lead .	1
This may look like a gimmick to you but it 's not . This planter can actually grow tomatoes and other vegetables . All you need is a sunny place to hang it . If you live in an apartment or otherwise have no garden space , try this . They call it a tomato planter but it actually should be called a vegetable planter . Last summer I grew tomatoes , bell peppers and cucumbers in them . I believe it needs to contain more soil ( larger ) to be an ideal tomato planter . It grew lots of tomatoes but peppers and cucumbers did even better . One trick to know ( not applicable for tomatoes ) - take the top plastic cover off and plant 2 vegetable plants per topsy turvy -- one in the top and one in the bottom .	1
I can now save money and feel confident on how my soil is doing . I test my garden and lawn at different times of the year . This way I can always try to have my levels exactly where I want them .	1
I hate gas powered tools ! I bought this as a hopeful solution to that problem . Obstacles are a definite problem . The maneuverability is quite limited . With a gas mower you could tilt the back end up and over some small obstacles . That was n't the biggest problem . A little extra weed whipping to be done . The biggest problem is the quality of the cut . If your grass is not perfect plush growth like a golf course the cut will be OK not great . This mower is for people who LOVE grass . Not for people who HATE gas powered tools because you have to mow almost every other day . I hate mowing and grass . I mow mine down to the ground every time and hope it does n't rain so I wont have to do it again for 2-4 weeks . Some people coddle their grass . They think of it as a family member . They talk about their grass non-stop . They can have a discussion about bagging over mulching for over an hour . They have chemicals for weed control , ants , grubs , PH balance , feed . They seed and water regularly . They spend several hundred dollars every year on their lawns . Their passion for their grass is second only to their family . If this sounds like you , great ! It 's great to have a passion and this mower is for you . If you mow your lawn down to the dirt and curse at gas powered tools and HATE mowing . This mower is not for you .	-1
Construction seems a bit flimsy but it works and I havent had any problems with it . Its great for clearing snow off cars ; especially large SUVs .	1
