So i read all the negative reviews but I said to myself , how could any company design a bad sharpener after decades of sharpeners right ? Well , guess what ? This is absolutley the worst sharpener i 've ever encountered , but at the same time it looks great ! so if you want a 2 pound paper weight then go right ahead and buy this : ) I opened the box , pluged it in.. first off there is only one blade , and you 'd think that sould be enough rihgt ? well , it turns out , it only sharpens one side of the pencil exposing the lead tip ... . so you figure you could just rotate while you sharpen right ? but you ca n't because you have to push so hard that the pencil will slip out of your fingers.. what a pain . So after trying this for 5 pencils , on my 6th pencil ( none of the tips were cut correctly ) it stapped sharpening pencils all together ! So i returned it . I 'm gon na fork over about $ 50 for a double blade sharpener like I should have to begin with.Do n't say you wase n't warned .	-1
I obtainted this product via the Vine Program ( sample product is supplied to Vine members at no cost for evaluation ) as I thought it would provide a nice storage sleeve for either a CD/DVD or similar flat items . Based upon the description of the package , one would expect that this product could be added to some type of binder ( reference is made to being able to tab through them ) . This simply is not the case , there are no provisions in the holder to be added to any type of binder.Reference is also made to being able to open and close the sleeve easily . That is also not the case . While there is a plastic cutout that can be inserted into th sleeve , it is difficult to use without being able to flex the sleeve ( impossible to do if you have anything that take up very much of the sleeve ) .There are tabs on the top of sleeve ( they are all located in the center of the sleeve so forget about easy indexing ) so that you could place them loosely into a box . There is also a place on each sleeve where an Avery cover is placed over a sticky surface on the sleeve . The cover is NOT intended to be written upon . Instead , it appears to be there to cover up the sticky surface until you peel it away and then place a special Avery label onto the sticky surface.I have tried finding a use for this product , but have not had any luck ! It appears that this product was originally designed for a special purpose that was either scrapped or failed and that the company is looking for some way of salvaging their investments in parts.If you are looking for a CD/DVD sleeve , buy one made specifically for that purpose . If you are looking for a business card holder , there are several good ones out there specifically designed for that purpose . If you want to store pictures , again , there are very good products specifically designed for this purpose . Trying to force this product to do any of those jobs is just a waste of time and money .	-1
Buy HP ink and never get screwed , they just work as promised , the same goes for their printers too best in the business .	1
I like to print labels for my file folders so they are easier to read . These labels go through the printer well and attach to file folders securely . They are great !	1
I did n't know they made such a product . The two sided sponge double tips fit neatly around each key . The liquid does its job nicely . The soft cloth dampened with the liquid cleaner polishes the tops of the keys . I had no idea now dirty the area around my keys had become . This product is from 3M , a quality company .	1
Yes , you read correctly , this CAN be converted to an actual TABLE ! This helps if you need a place to put your projector in a pinch.Very easy to adjust , and very sturdy.This piece is a tad bit & # 34 ; bulky & # 34 ; for me ( I am 5'5 & # 34 ; tall , and its size competes with my size ) , but not overly & # 34 ; heavy & # 34 ; as far as weight.Quality is great , and I highly recommend it for presentations , or even just a good writing board for your office .	1
You can get 13ml of ink in the XL , 44 % more than the 9ml in the regular 211 . And it is n't much more expensive . So do n't buy this one , buy the 211XL .	-1
Stroppy works about as well as a ball bearing as a door stop ! It does not work on finished concrete , carpeted floors or linoleum floors . Tried on four different doors on these surfaces of various gap heights and the stroppy would not hold door to even a mild nudge much less moderate pressure.Save your money , this product is a true `` New Age , Yuppie Nice Looking '' piece of junk . A simple wedge type door stop worked well on each of the doors that the Stroppy failed on . You can find decent ones ( which are ones I used ) atNational Hardware V334 The Wedge Door Stop , Brown , 2-Pack , 4-Inch	-1
Well , the service was fast in getting it delivered , but what a pile of scrap metal . Assemble was easy , however , the end result is a chair that is not overly comfortable , but functional for short bursts at a desk . Well , even with `` short bursts '' , the hydraulic pole that holds up the chair keeps collapsing to the lowest position ; oh , and might I add it 's not even four months . I 'm 185 pounds so there 's no excuse . Spend a little more and get a chair that works . If this were food , it would be McDonald 's . These are the type of things that are tough to return to Amazon ... . so think long and hard before you decide to go on the cheap with a new desk chair .	-1
After getting burned by expensive Epson printers in the past I vowed not to give Epson another chance ever , but this product seemed almost too good to be true . What others have pointed out - and what I did n't notice at first either - is that Epson will go to any length to embellish the truth about their products . Notice how it reads `` built-in double sided printing '' in the product description . Then you see three asterisks pointing to the fine print that says `` only on a Mac and only with the optional duplexer . '' Sorry Epson , last time I checked `` built-in '' was still defined as `` present , '' not something you have to shell out extra dough for . More importantly , and in contrast to the high quality pictures you get from Canon machines in the same price range , Epson 's inks are only fade-resistant - and they do n't tell you how long they 'll actually last . Stay away from Epson and get yourself something better .	-1
have a TN620 & 2 TN-650 cartridge replacements from Brother via Amazon ; the TN-650 carts in brother sealed boxes look different from the 620 cartridge that came with this printer ; that cartridge doe NOT chew up the paper and cause paper jams as does the 2 TN-650 carts from Brother/Amazon.The original cartridge ( TN-620 ) stamped on the cart chassis fits snugly ; the TN-650 replacement from Brother/amazon has some play ( both of them ) and causes paper jams , although , they both show `` green '' light readiness on the control panel.Obviously , there is something very wrong with this replacement part . Ordered the cartridge that is indicated on the factory stamp pasted on the front of the printer chassis.This whole mess is starting to feel like a great conspiracy/mystery by HP ? ( bad joke ) Anyone else with the HL-5340D faced this same problem ? WHAT I FOUND WAS THAT THE DRUM UNIT IS NECESSARY FOR A CLEAR REPRODUCTION ; THEY DO N'T TELL YOU THAT ; unless you go to a cartridgle replacement center.Help !	-1
I used to have one of those simple pinch-type staple removers , must have lost it . So I was excited to give this a try , but it 's just poorly designed . It 's heavy-duty and well-made but when you set it flat on the work surface to try and remove a staple , it slides all over the desk ! When you hold it in mid-air , it does n't grip the staple ! Add to that that I have hands on the larger side and STILL the handle is difficult to grasp firmly . Ca n't really recommend this at all .	-1
Avery has always been good to work with , The background is always very bright white . If your printer is good , they never fail giving a clear great contrast . I have started to use P-Touch which is much faster . However if you do n't have a label maker such as P-Touch then this is the label paper for you . User friendly and most word processors have it built into there data base for your use .	1
There 's enough separation between labels to avoid printer run over . You wo n't go wrong with this high quality Avery product .	1
I have had trouble with this printer since I received it 11/16/11 . First I could n't get it to print in color than the ink ran out in after about 3 weeks . it was the ink that was in the box with the printer . I purchased new ink and since it is n't Canon ink it does n't print everything or it says I am low or out of ink and they are new cartridge . I did call customer service in Dec. about about the color ( which was their ink ) and they could n't help . I got new ink . the printer only prints sometime and says it is low in ink or there is no ink . I called again and they said they could n't help this time because I was n't their ink . I told them I even had trouble with their ink too but since it was over 15 days they could n't or would n't help me help me . I DO N'T recommend this printer or company too anyone .	-1
This thing is awful ! It is bulky and way too busy with all of the bold lines everywhere . It 's already in the trash !	-1
this Avery greeting card paper works great for me . I never had it jam up my printer maybe its because I separate all the pages first to see if any are stuck together . then re-stack how may I want to print put paper in printer and print away . my cards turn out very well I will buy this paper again .	1
I am always wary of ordering ink for my printer online . According to reviews , what is shown is not always what is received . These were factory sealed exactly as shown in the picture , original Canon . Very happy .	1
I have read innumerable hardback novels since I was a child . Over the years , I & # 8217 ; ve noticed that the pages have become much thinner , almost as thin as newspaper . I recently took some of my old hardback novels , published from the 1970 & # 8217 ; s , out of storage and performed a comparison ; the pages of my old novels have yellowed but they are twice as thick as recently published hardback novels.Therefore , I wasn & # 8217 ; t too surprised when I unwrapped the package of 200 sheets of Mead Wide Ruled Filler Paper and discovered that the sheets were thin . The sheets were not as thin as newspaper , but they were noticeably thinner than when I was a high school student over thirty years ago . It & # 8217 ; s a sign of our hard economic times . Everything is getting thinner but me.All 200 sheets have been punched correctly and they fit well inside a one-inch notebook . The lines are wide and dark enough for me to see on both sides of each sheet . Most importantly , I am able to write on the sheets . I wrote notes while reading a novel for the purpose of creating a book review . Normally , I only order inexpensive office supplies from Amazon when I need to add something to my cart for the sole purpose of exceeding $ 35.00 and earning free shipping.Joseph B. Hoyos	1
Sung to the tune of You should be dancing , yeah ! , thisSamsung Color Laser Printer ( CLP-325W ) starts singing as soon as it is powered on `` I will be jammin ' yeah ! I will be jammin , yea ! `` As if that is n't bad enough , the wireless connection is very limited so to set up and change settings , one has to haul it to your pc and connect via usb . Mine has lost its settings for some unknown reason 4 times and I had to re-set it up and like I set the wireless setup is awful . Unlike other wireless printers that let it and your wireless router find each other , this one has to be connected via usb to your pc for setup and to change settings.it is heavy and takes forever to power on.I can tell it to black and white print , and it will look like it accepted and is going to do it , but when I look at the page it printed , it is in color.how do I hate thee ? let me count the ways ... ... samsung customer support also you might get someone who knows about printers and pcs or you might get a telephone support person who has never even seen a computer printer or one that can not pronounce english well enough that you are wondering if they are speaking a foreign languageMy computer has this printer listed multiple times and I can delete down to just one printer and more will magically re-appear . This has never happened to me with any other printer and is not happening with my other printers.The only thing I like about this printer is imagining throwing it out of my 3rd floor window onto the hard cement below .	-1
Paper is paper . Well not exactly . Some of the & # 34 ; stuff & # 34 ; on the market will not do your printer justice and the end product will be less than what you should expect . This paper has a good surface and goes through the printer without & # 34 ; jams & # 34 ; . It has a 96 brightness which I find excellent . While it is listed as 20 pound paper , i checked this against a cheaper packaged of 20 pound and the difference was astonishing . This is good paper at a reasonable price .	1
At the current price the paper is a good value . The paper might be a little thin but the printed lines were great , not to overpowering and no misses . More suited for pencils . Recommended .	1
I like gel pens when they work right . These were a bit different because they are a click pen . My husband needed to write on carbon paper and these did not work for that purpose . I have tried writing with several of them and they skip or leave big globs of ink behind . Might work for art projects if in different colors but for everyday writing BIC stick pen are better .	-1
With the included software , this scanner is almost useless . Regardless of how you set the clunky driver software , the scans come out so fuzzy you 'll think it 's out of focus or smothered in vaseline . The bottom of the scan glass is cloudy as the head passes over it.Oddly if you use VueScan , you 'll find that the scans are far sharper -- not great , but far sharper , even without an unsharp mask / sharpening applied.The scanner is extremely fast and the physical body is well designed . Using the multiple page PDF option requires clicking two buttons on the software , not the body of the scanner , for each additional page ( why not one button ? why not a button on the scanner body ? ) .You can save your settings but you ca n't assign a name to the saved settings.The Mac software is PPC based so it wo n't work in Leopard . A very limited subset of features is available via Image Capture and that appears to be Epson 's sole solution.Canon 's looking very attractive . I bought this based on other reviews at Amazon and wish I 'd returned it earlier .	-1
I received the correct number of boxes of clips as stated in the product review . Excellent value for the price .	1
This product is defective ! The adhisive on this magnetic tape would not stick to anything and I tried it on 10 different surfaces . This product is also old and brittle , It cracked just trying to un-roll it .	-1
This is by far my favorite type of tape to use for gift wrapping . The tape breaks off of the roll easily , and does not bend or warp . The tape always sticks well , holds tight and remains clear . A very attractive option for gift wrapping .	1
If you 're doing a lot of labeling , this product makes it a lot easier to get the labels started . Not much more expensive than the originals , and I think it 's worth the extra couple bucks for the convenience . Printing comes out fine on the paper , as well , and being clear , they should work really nicely with colored envelopes at Christmas .	1
Should I be complaining about something that was less than a dollar ? Yes , absolutely.The top layer of material , the red layer , is coming off from both the top and bottom of the muse pad after about a week 's worth of normal use . The adhesive or bonding process is n't holding the two layers together.The size of the mouse pad is very good.It tends to slide around on my desk with very little effort.Waste of time with this mouse pad . Surprised at the lack of quality from Belkin .	-1
Fast shipping ... great price ... best of the best ... I tried the cheaper labels and they were a complete disappointment.The Avery labels are just the best ... I 'll never use any other brand again.Ol ' Dave said that	1
This is a great concept , but falls short on execution . I love the idea of typing , viewing , and editing the labels on my computer before printing them on ( expensive ) label tape . I have Epson stand-alone label maker that is great , but the screen is terrible and it is difficult to work all of the formatting options.This should work great . However , aside from a large list of fonts , there are very few formatting options . It does not allow you to print letters high enough to really fill the label - at least not as large as my Epson label maker . The first few labels I printed were unusable , because the print was so spotty - every other letter was printed . There is only one boarder option.The tape itself seems pretty low quality . The adhesive is not very strong and the labels are not waterproof . In contrast , I used my Epson labelmaker to print a name label for my gym water bottle - it has gone through the dishwasher dozens of times without any ill effect . This label did n't even survive a sink washing.The concept is there , but I can not recommend this for anything more than putting labels on file folders.The unit itself is very small - about the size of a hard drive . It does n't require external power and just uses the power from the usb port . There is a internally removable rechargable battery , but I can not understand why the USB power is n't enough . Do some laptops cut off the power to the USB port when the laptop is running on battery power ? NOTE : There might be some added features in a paid upgrade version of the software , but I did n't purchase that to test it .	-1
My new stand arrived 100 % assembled . I figured I would need to put it together ... .not the case.The color matches the picture and the finish is even and well applied.I got this to place my 23 inch Dell multi movement ultra sharp monitor . It seems well made and I expect years of use .	1
I would consider buying this because Im able to store pens while important paperwork I need to fill out or whatever	1
Sure , regular clear tape works fine for gift-wrapping , but if you want your gifts to look like they 're professionally wrapped with a tape that blends into the wrapping paper so well you almost do n't know it 's there , this is the tape for you . The best thing about this tape is that you virtually do n't see it on most gift wrapping paper . The satin finish is n't too shiny or mattte . It holds very well and the three pack is a convenient size . Now that I 've used this tape , I just ca n't go back to the old tape I used to use.A quick tip : If you press down and smooth the tape with your fingers after it 's on the gift , the tape blends in with the wrapping paper even more and looks like it almost disappears.Great product !	1
These cartridges did n't work , period . They slot into my Epson Workforce 600 just fine , but no ink comes out . Taking them out I can see punctures in the feed holes , so it 's not that . I 'll definitely be seeking another solution for economical ink . Do n't waste your money .	-1
Great card stock , excellent paper and it worked great with my inkjet printer . I chose cute Christmas card design , my photo and my personal message and was done in minutes ! But ... I did n't like starting with just blank cards . For advanced users I 'm sure it 's what everybody wants , blank slate so their imagination runs wild . But I wanted to at least start with some color and pre-printed borders , so all I would need to pick is my pictures and write my message . Overall , still 5 out of 5 .	1
I 'm not real sure what I 'm supposed to say about this stuff in a review . I mean , is there anybody in the United States who is n't familiar with Scotch tape ? It 's the grand daddy of all cellophane tapes , and this gift wrap tape just adds a couple features that make Scotch tape better and better . First , it 's a handy three pack , just in time for Christmas and assuring even the biggest of gift givers enough tape to wrap everything . Then , there 's the satin finish , which becomes darn near invisible on patterned paper , and pretty close to that on everything else . Finally , it sticks . This is a great product , and I do n't see how I could n't give it five stars .	1
This is now the second Whitmor cart I 've purchased . I got it for insulation , really : putting the cart in a picture window allows light in ; yet the stuff on its shelves , blocks air flow when it 's too hot ( or cold ) . Easy to move out of the way.If you like lipped shelves , then you will like this cart . You can not install the shelving properly , lip-down : each shelf is potentially unstable if bumped . That will matter if what 's on the shelf is heavy or important . As in , a computer . For this product would otherwise be ideal for holding computers . So , I assembled the cart lip-up . HINT : do the bottom shelf first , and put the wheels on last . It 's easy to assemble , if done that way.EDIT : the first cart ( review below ) is now deployed such that an old Win98 Dell Dimension tower sits on the lowest shelf , and an HP Laserjet 4 sits on the top shelf . In between , is a shelf for paper and peripherals . The monitor sits right of the cart , in white shelving . That gives you a sense of computer station usage . Import : it 's easy to move the unit out to plug and unplug , remove paper jams , etc.Original review of the first cart , follows below . Second is substantially the same.=====On the cart , I had placed my Optiplex 780 ( SFF ) with monitor on the top shelf ; my huge Dell 8400 tower sits on the lowest shelf ; in between ( 12 '' clearance ) , are peripherals and wireless keyboards useful with either computer . It is stable , and moves well on the house carpeting . Thus I can wheel it forward for clearer viewing , getting behind to mess with cables , etc.I do n't want to lift the tower out from the lower shelf , but merely slide it . The lipping problem is solved by putting a large but relatively thin ( 1 '' ) coffee-table-sized book beneath each computer , enabling each machine to slide above the lip . It works , but is not ideal . I lined middle shelf with rubbery kitchen drawer liner , to keep air flow but mask the cords below.So only due to the lip-up shelving , is this five-star product rated four stars . If you prefer a lip-down design , get the similar-quality Seville cart here in Amazon for about the same price . I bought the Sevilles , too ( and reviewed them ) .NOTE : a computer chassis on a chrome chart will emit a vibration when on . Depends on the type of chassis . The old-fashioned tower emits almost no vibration . But a small form factor like the Dell 780 , emits a substantial hum you can feel when you touch the cart . Due to that , the above-mentioned 'book ' is more important : it nearly eliminates the vibration .	1
To me , Avery is like the standard when it comes to printing labels . The reason I say this is not only because of their high quality labels and products , but because when you buy it , you 're pretty much guaranteed to find a template already in your office productivity software ( e.g . MS Word/Excel ) . Avery now has the added feature of being able to design the labels directly from their website and print ( Go to their website , and then click on `` Design & Print . '' Avery is truly going the extra mile to make the process of printing labels as simple as possible.I 've been using Avery labels for years , and they continue to improve upon their already excelent products . This product in particular adds a special feature that they call 'Trueblock Technology ' . For most people , this would seem like trivial . A label is a label , whats the point ? For those of you that want to re-use old folders , and completely mask the previous label/marking , this label does the trick . After printing out a sheet of labels , I placed them over folders with permanent markers markings , old printed labels , pens , and more . On regular labels , you may be able to see faint outlines of what was written before . With these labels , I was unable to detect any previous marking . Works as advertised ! There are 25 sheets of labels , each with 30 labels , for a total of 750 labels . Whether you print or write directly on these file folder labels , what amounts to less than 3 cents per label , you ca n't go wrong with this . Unlike some of their other labels , this particular one worked well with my Epson Photosmart printer as well as my ancient HP LaserJet 8150 ( If your printer has the option to , be sure to specify that you are printing on a label versus a regular sheet of paper ) .Needless to say , I highly recommend this product .	1
I read the box , there were NO instructions , and it did n't work for me unless I handled the staple ( the one to be removed ) by holding it and then trying to push the staple remover into position , and then squeezing the handle to remove the staple . I tested this by stapling paper - just one page of paper - and it was a chore to remove the staples . I do n't like it.I 'll stick with the old-fashioned staple remover .	-1
I recently received these and finally had a chance to use them . I downloaded the template wizard for WORD and opened the program to quickly design and print out a sheet of labels . I 'm really pleased with how easy it all worked . Saves on the cost of ordering labels via a third party company .	1
These envelopes are not as big inside as they say they are . I had to run my hands I side the sides to loosen them enough to fit .	-1
Setup was a breeze , Had it up and running within 5 minutes from unboxing . The image hole fill function is nice , It even features a blur/smudge correction so that those copies look professional as well . That was the good news , Now here comes the bad news ... It gets hungry , ALOT , so much jamming it throws me back to the injet printers of 2001.. Total nightmare , photo paper jams , copy paper jams and it 's just ridiculous.. Did n't even try any fragile documents after 15 minutes of jamming . This one is just a no go , not worth the headache , especially if what others are saying about `` no technical support ''	-1
I really wanted to like this product , as I have cut myself , sometimes fairly seriously , on a number of occasions using a utility knife to open both boxes and blister packs . This product seemed to be the ideal solution to the problem , however , I was sorely disappointed with the end results.The concept is fairly simple and seems to be a good idea . Make a lightweight plastic handle with a blade that is sharp enough to open blister packs , while not so sharp as to cut yourself seriously if it slips . In addition , the blade is recessed so that only a small portion extends beyond the plastic so any cut is likely to be shallow.In reality , I discovered that it worked well on the first blister pack , was slightly less effective on the second , and by the third the blade was so dull that I needed all my strength to pull it through the plastic . It did continue to work well for opening the tape on boxes , but it needed a new blade after three blister packs to continue to use it for that purpose . That would get expensive in a big hurry ! I will continue to stick to the tried and true methods I have developed for opening plastic blister packs , and will not bother to use this product in the future .	-1
You do n't get much for the money . The system is , well , its own standard . Which means it 'll disappear within a few months . Better off with a trapper-keeper marketed for the middle school crowd .	-1
I bought this as a replacement copier . All printer I have ever had I could use as a printer for your computer or by itself as a copier . This printer you can ONLY use with your computer . There was NO mention of this on the description before ordering or on the box when I received it . I learned about it when I set the printer up and found out there is no place to place my the document I wanted to print . It was very disappointing , especially since I will have to go to the expense of returning it .	-1
I bought this together with my Fellowes shredder , and it has kept my shredder working in perfect condition . No complaints so far !	1
I 'm generally a big sticky-note user and fan of all types of note . I figured the perforation on these would be another interesting and useful feature . However , I quickly discovered that the tear-off was rarely if ever an asset . Most of the time , if I want to remind myself of something , I just stick the note onto whatever it is that I need to remember . For instance , if it 's a book I need to return , the note gets stuck on the cover , or if it 's groceries , it goes on the fridge . When I want to take the note off , I just , you know , peel it off . Having a tear away strip did absolutely nothing for this functionality since I really do n't want to leave little half-notes all over the place , and being the forgetful person I am , that 's what happened.The other possible use I thought of was sticking them in as book markers , but the problem then is that unlike `` flags '' there 's not a little tab that sticks up . You just tore off your note ; now you have a place marker that does n't even stick out of the book to remind you it 's there , and you sure are n't going to want to scribble tiny little notes on the half note left stuck there.So , the question with these really became : `` when am I going to want to leave a tiny strip of sticky paper somewhere ? '' So far , the answer has been `` never . ''	-1
This printer really worked fine for the first few months . Recently it is making very loud squeaking sounds..like an amplified hamster . It has come to be so annoying that I amputting this in a closet for a backup printer and getting something tolerable . I tried changing theprint toner and cleaning it as per instructions , but it actually got louder .	-1
Ink is all dried out and faded.Have to press HARD into the paper to make a definitive mark.No wonder these are all on sale and filling up all the aisles in dollar stores.Because they suck ! Zebra name but worse than cheapy no name stick pens .	-1
About the size of the palm of my hand ( men 's large ) . works well . Nothing to get excited about , but a good basic calculator	1
You can NOT go wrong with scotch tape . It 's a classic . This definitely came in handy on Black Friday when I sat down after shopping and wrapped all my gifts . My fiance was so outdone when he came home and saw gifts already wrapped ! : ) lol	1
This is a great size for a holiday letter card where you can print a photo on the cover and your letter on the inside , works easier if your printer does doublesided automatically .	1
Great labels . In the past I have bought other brands and the labels stick to the printer , get jammed up . No smudging , line up nicely and do n't get caught up in my printer - definately a plus ! Avery products are superior in my opinion . A definate buy .	1
First of all the price has dropped here at amazon.com by $ 10.00 in the 5 wks . since I ordered this ! I am using this with a USB cable so I ca n't comment on wireless set up or capabilities . It was easy to set up with USB.First of all it takes absolutely forever to warm up when initially turned on . Be prepared for grinding gyration noises that seem to intrigue my dogs but are annoying to me . It you are in a hurry to copy , scan or print , forget it ! It does not seem to have a `` sleep/power saver mode '' as an old Lexmark did . I have to get up and manually turn the printer off and on as needed . ( I have a long USB cable ) This is among the most annoying features and one that I incorrectly assumed all the latest printers had.I have not printed any photos so I ca n't comment on color quality . It does seem to print from the Internet just fine tho not as fast as I would have thought even at draft settings.Also ca n't comment on ink usage at this point but will update this review when it comes time to replace the tanks.All in all , I 'd rate this printer as just average . Clearly slow compared to others I have had because of the lengthy warm up process . Noise seems a bit above average too . If I had it to do all over , I think I 'd probably chose another model.Update Dec. 28 , 2010 - Changed my rating from 3 stars to 2 . I just discovered a footnote in the product description that I must purchase a separate adapter to read my Xd memory card ! Ridiculous ! ! ! Even my years old pathetic Kodak printer had a slot to read Xd cards without an adapter ... .IF I had known this when this arrived , I would have returned it asap ... .Now I have to buy a card reader ... .I 'm not sure now much worse this printer can get . Still slow , slow , slow and print quality just so-so . Recommend you look elsewhere.Update May 25 , 2011 - Tried all afternoon to connect this printer to my wireless network . ( windstream 's latest router/modem combo ) It would barely recognize my wireless network . Signal strength was terrible no matter where I placed the printer . The router is 1 floor directly above the printer ! ! ! Then when I would turn the printer off , it would lose all the network settings . I 'm giving up on this printer . I bought a Brother combo from hsn.com that was a breeze to set up and wireless signal is fabulous ! No more Canon printers for me ... ..	-1
This is a very basic set of dividers , the sort you would use in a school binder to separate your notes for each subject . I needed something like this for a binder of printed sewing technique articles -- -I wanted to divide them according to type : zippers , pockets , embroidery , etc.PROS* It will keep your papers or notes separated within a binder . * There are eight colored tabs , so you can assign a different color to each subject , like red for Math , green for Geography , yellow for Literature , and so forth . ( Hooray for color coordination ! ) In theory , the tabs stick out beyond your papers , so you can easily flip to the section you want.CONS* Remember that theory I just mentioned about the tabs sticking out ? Yeah . In reality , they do n't . Maybe if you 're only dividing notepaper , but I have a bunch of binder pockets that hold my articles . The tabs do NOT stick out past the edges of the binder pockets , so they 're virtually worthless . * These dividers are incredibly flimsy . They 're made from a slightly-thicker-than-usual paper . You do n't even get cardstock , just thick paper , with a narrow section that 's barely reinforced at the holes . I ca n't imagine they would hold up under gentle home use , never mind what a busy student would put them though . I certainly would n't use them without reinforcing each hole with some of those round stickers you can buy for repairing torn holes . Of course , those are ugly . . . . * Also , the tabs are very small . It comes with a sheet of perforated labels that you can hand write your subject title on , but they 're tiny . Personally , I would have a hard time writing the labels.I 'm giving this product two stars , because it 's barely functional . If you need something ultra cheap and flimsy , it will work just fine . But if you need something more substantial , I 'd suggestAvery Style Edge Insertable Plastic Dividers , 8-Tab Set . They 're only slightly more money , yet a lot sturdier and they look nicer , too .	-1
I really like these labels . They are just thick enough to cover up writing or old labels when recycling envelopes . Nothing shows through from the old stuff underneath - these labels are just large enough to cover the edges on an older label as well . The slightly larger size makes them nice for printing a photo logo on the corner while leaving room for the address information in a font size that can still be seen with the naked eye . Nice product that I will buy again in the future .	1
After good results with Monteverde 's `` soft roll '' ballpoint refill for Parker-compatible pens , I had to get one for my boring old Cross ballpoint.Unfortunately , despite having the same description , Monteverde does NOT appear to use the same ink/ball type for the Cross refills . Unlike their Parker refills , these are n't any better than a normal ballpoint . In fact , it may even be a little bit worse.On top of the poor writing experience , the orange color is n't so good either . It 's more of a dull orange , almost on the salmon side.You never know what you will get from Monteverde .	-1
The packing was completely inadequate , the board was out of the package and broken at two corners .	-1
it 's ink ... from canon . Works perfectly as it is intended.Please do n't buy and review things and be stupid about them . Ie. , if you do n't want to spend money for ink ... do n't buy printers . We all know how much inks costs ... or relatively so.I love buying the canon 4 packs when I start running out of ink.I bought the pack when my magenta indicator was active and just waited . Then it seemed like cyan followed a short while later , and then yellow and black are still waiting to join the group ; ) .Canon products are the best , from camcorders , cameras , scanners , printers and ink . I have the Canon HV20 , CanoScan5000f , and Canon i850 .	1
Overall these are very good labels and my complaint does n't really count since they directions say not to run the sheet of labels through the printer more then once , but I do . With the easy peel labels the sheet tends to get stuck a little more in the printer then before , but it 's not a ton . And I reuse sheets because really , I 'm not wasting a whole sheet for 2 or 3 addresses ! Besides that I 've never had a problem with these labels smudging or not sticking , I 've always been pleased with Avery labels .	1
FINAL EDIT ( 11/14/2011 ) : This should be my final word on this printer . A couple of weeks ago the printer jammed . I cleared the paper path and there is no more jam , but the jam detector was damaged by the jam , so now the printer believes it is jammed even though it is n't . The printer is out of warranty and it will cost more to repair it than to buy a new printer ( but not another one of these ! ! ! ! ) .Since I ca n't clear the jam error , I also ca n't use it as a scanner or fax . That 's a big problem with these all-in-one devices.Sorry for such a disjointed review . As you can see from reading the review and the comments , my experience has been mixed . But the final conclusion is failure . eWaste.=====================================================EDIT ( December , 2010 ) : I just discovered that this printer wo n't print on 3-hole paper . How ridiculous is that ? ! ? ! ? ! With that in mind , I have dropped my rating from four-stars to one-star and changed the title of the review . Buyer beware ! ! ! ! The flaw is that the paper jam detector is on the left-hand side of the paper path . As the 3-hole paper passes through , it detects a jam when it gets to the hole . The only way to get around this is to manually rotate your print job in your software ( PDF ? ) and turn the paper around so that the holes are on the right side of the paper path.This is a very poor design : someone at Epson should be in deep trouble for this ! ! ! Out of fairness though , I 'm leaving my original review below so that my initial impression of this product can still be seen.=====================================================OLD REVIEW '' Just bought a second one '' ( 4 Stars ) I 've waited two months before reviewing this item , because I wanted to use it long enough to have some real experience with it . After two months , this multi-function printer has been dependable enough that I just bought another one as a birthday present for my daughter . It 's not PERFECT , but it meets enough of my criteria to make me happy . My # 1 criteria is that I did n't want to give my daughter a printer that would bankrupt her for consumables.____________________About the ink : I hate inkjet printers because : the ink is too expensive , the printers do n't hold enough ink to last very long , I always run out at the most inopportune moments , and I have to replace the whole color cartridge when only one color ran out.None of those dislikes are true for this printer . Cool ! * Capacity : There is room for five ink cartridges on this printer ( two black and one of each colors ) . That 's sweet -- especially since most of my printing is B & W . ; * Cost : Replacing colors as-needed is much cheaper than replacing the whole color cartridge . The pricing of the ink for this printer is still pretty high , but it 's not as insane as other inkjets I 've owned . * Monitoring : No surprises with the ink capacity , because the print monitor software tells you what your ink levels are . I 'm not crazy about having this app running all the time , but I hate running out of ink even more than I hate having an app running on my system.____________________What I like : * Print Quality : I do n't usually pay too much attention to quality , because it 's something I expect . Just like I expect the gas at my local gas station to be good . So it 's that much more surprising that the print quality of this printer DAZZLED me . I have an expensive color laser at work , but the color calibration is always off . I never realized how horrible my office documents were until I brought home some work and printed it on this printer . W-O-W ! ! ! None of my other inkjet printers have dazzled me like this before . And this is just the default color quality ( not the high quality setting ) . * Ink : I like this unit 's ink functionality enough to write about it in its own section . * Footprint : It 's not as huge as other multi-function printers I 've owned . However , it 's too tall to fit in the cabinet where my old HP fit . * Speed : Black & white copies print so fast it 's actually frightening ( USB connection ) . It 's a loud & violent process , but it 's daaaang fast ! ! ! Color slows the process down , but it 's still very reasonable . WiFi slows the first page down , but the rest of the pages print normally . * WiFi : The wireless setup was very simple . I only had to run this setup one time to configure the printer . After that , the setup on the rest of my home PCs was very quick . The printer plays very nicely with the rest of my home network . HOWEVER ( big drawback ) , the first page on a wireless print job takes FOR-STINKING-EVER ! ! ! ( about 2-3 minutes ) * Scanning : This is about the umpteenth scanner I 've owned and every one of them has bugged me in one way or another . I 'm not a grouch , but I want things to work . This is the first scanner EVER that has n't made me mad . I love two things about the scanning functionality in this device : First , it was designed with network scanning in mind . So there are no quirky work-arounds to get it to scan from a remote machine . Second , there is a good selection of `` profiles '' where you can pick from basic to professional feature sets . That means my kids can scan without being overwhelmed by the huge set of options . * Fax : I rarely fax , but this fax works fine . I do n't have a dedicated fax line , so I have to tell the kids not to answer the phone if a fax is coming in.____________________What I do n't like : * The lag for WiFi printing is really really bad . This would have been a five-star review if it were n't for that . I promise I 'll update this review if I ever solve this problem . It 's a very serious hurdle though . You know when you need to print something real fast before you leave home ( a map , directions , movie tickets , plane tickets , medical insurance card , etc. ) ? I usually put that little chore off until the last possible minute and my wife is usually impatiently waiting in the car for me to get my act together . If this were my only printer , she would divorce me . Luckily I have another printer on my network and I print all the time-sensitive stuff to that one . * I 'm not crazy about the paper path . Although I like that the page comes straight from the back , through the printer , and lands in the tray in front ( no curled pages ) , it means that a multi-page document is reverse-ordered . I can change that in my print options before I print , but the odds of me remembering this are pretty slim . So I have to hand sort the whole dang thing to get it right . * The paper handling mechanism is LOUD and VIOLENT . I halfway expect to find my kids and pets collated in my documents when I go to the other room to pick them up . Luckily the noise scares the cat and she runs away to safety . * I 'm not the greenest guy in the world , but I 'm a tightwad . So duplex ( two-sided ) printing is REALLY important to me . Although manual duplex printing is theoretically possible with this printer , it 's more of a hassle than it 's worth.So you can see that I have some gripes about this device , but it is still a very dependable machine . I did n't realize how much I liked it until I bought one for my daughter without hesitating .	-1
I wish I could give this a negative amount of stars . I wanted this to run through a printer to stick on party invitations . But , they are too thick .	-1
I thought this was going to be a kind of shelving system , but really it 's just a set of boxes with pull-out drawers that can be stacked on top of each other . The `` steel plus '' in the product 's name refers to one measly little square of metal that you stick into the box for limited support . Assembly of the boxes is not quite clear until you struggle with a box or two to figure out what 's supposed to be done . Overall , when it comes to file storage , even if you 're in a temporary location and need portability , I would not recommend this as an option .	-1
If you really hate shredding paper , this is a great product for either personal or small business use . The key benefit is convenience . [ Good ] Fire and Forget : I really love this shredder 's main feature of just leaving paper to be shredded inside of the machine and just leaving it to do its business . This is a nice innovation for people with little time . It helps me shred everything sensitive instead of just being lazy and just throwing it into the garbage.UPDATE : The main feature of this product , hands free shredding , will stop working normally after a few months of use . The hands free feature will either jam or simply just not pull any papers into the shredder . At best this is just a large capacity normal shredder . ( NO LONGER FULLY RELEVANT ) It Works : Assuming that you follow the instructions and you do n't have a defective model , this thing does n't jam . I 've seen the reviews mentioning that this shredder has issues with shredding a lot less than 15 pages and paper jams . Because of those reviews , I 've held back my review for fear that it wo n't hold up with time . Surprisingly , I have not experienced any of the issues mentioned in those reviews . I am aware of the machine 's limitations and for every shredding session I have counted all the papers that I shred at a time ensuring that they do not go over the 60 page limit . I also used to empty out the shredder after every shredding session . How did I get around not having to manually empty it after every session ? I stopped using the plastic bin and I placed the shredder on a table with a tall garbage can below it . Then with some cardboard and duct tape , I constructed a 'ramp ' , placing it where the plastic bin originally resided , that directs the shredded paper to a tall trash can below the shredder . If Swingline was smart , they would create and sell a plastic version of this ramp . If I have time in the near future , I may replace this review with a video version to demonstrate this product along with my duct tape cardboard ramp . [ Bad ] Price : Nothing is free . You 're going to have to pay a price for that nice time saving innovation . When it was double the current price ( about 4x the cost of a normal shredder ) , I would be a little hesitant in purchasing this shredder . However at the current price ( which is about 2x the cost of a normal shredder ) , I feel that it 's fair deal for the time you save.Not Pro : I do n't feel that this is for anything beyond personal or ( very ) small business use . I think most businesses will want something that goes beyond this product 's capacity.Weird product position : For people like me it 's perfect . However either the price or durability do not really meet a large segment of consumers . It 's either too expensive for most people , or for most of the people willing to pay the price ; it 's not durable enough for the amount . Maybe the 2nd or 3rd generation of this product line will be more promising once they improve quality control . [ Misc ] I tend to only use this shredder once a day approx 2-5 times a week , though I average about 50 pages per shredding session . Most of the items I 've shredded were flat legal papers , though occasionally I 'd mix in folded finance statements and credit card offers . I 'm also pretty good about maintenance , which involves putting some oil on the papers that you 're shredding from time to time .	-1
When I used it initially in my classroom wall , which is painted flat , they worked well in holding small posters ( approximately 20 inches x 15 inches ) , but when I tried hanging larger , odd sized posters , such as a full size poster , the posters themselves would fall off of the wall while the tabs are still on the wall.Worst , when I tried removing the tabs from the wall , they took the paint off of the walls , too , leaving an ugly white patch.Unless you 're hanging very small things that may not require moving to another location , I would not recommend these tabs .	-1
I recently got a ream of this paper as a promotional item at a local store ; and I am very impressed . In fact , this multipurpose 96 brightness paper by Hewlett Packard gives you something to sing about ! I use this paper with my inkjet printers ; and I can use it to make signs to tape to my front door indicating to delivery people which doorbell to ring ! The paper is not expensive for all that you get ; and it almost never jams in my printer at home . Nevertheless , I always fan the paper to make sure that it does n't jam . After I fan the paper to make sure two pieces of paper are n't stuck to each other , then I place it in my inkjet printer.In addition , this paper can also be used in laser printers , copiers and plain paper fax machine . Each page is a clean cut 8 inches by 11 inches . Great ! This paper never `` goes stale , '' so stock up on it if you can catch a sale on it . Moreover , this is excellent paper that avoids ink from smearing as it is printed on the page . Great ! I do n't know what to say about the Amazon price -- as of this writing it states that this one ream package costs $ 12.88 . This is either a misprint or maybe you get more than one package for that price ; Amazon fails to clarify this . Obviously , however , you should n't be paying $ 12.88 for a single ream of paper . The price may be a misprint or it may be for more than one package ; I can not be sure . Sorry ! Use it in good health !	1
Shame on Brother for releasing this labeler with such a pathetic battery life ! After only a couple of labels it starts complaining of LOW batteries.I opened it up and installed a DC jack , and plug in an external power supply . Then it 's great.If I had n't gotten it free with credit card points I 'd be really miffed.It 's otherwise a nice little labeler , and they could have easily tucked 4 AA 's inside instead of 4 AAA 's , which are totally inadequate for the job .	-1
Using these labels has been nothing but trouble , producing shoddy results and labels that peel away from the CD/DVD . As for the formatting and printing process , it was even worse . We tried downloading their software for Mac online and followed all the directions . It was fairly straightforward , so we finished everything and went to print it . What happened next ? THEY WANTED MONEY . IT WOULD NOT PRINT WITHOUT A WATERMARK UNLESS YOU PAID FOR THE SOFTWARE . After ALREADY BUYING their product , there was a HIDDEN COST . We wasted time putting everything together only to find we would have to come up with a work-around . That work-around took a tremendous amount of time , and again , had mediocre results because of formatting issues as well as the matte finish ( the paper feels kind of rough and cheap , worse than some basic printing papers ) . The initial price of these labels is a trick . They seem cheap , but they have hidden costs and the labels themselves do n't even stick , sometimes nearly ruining people 's drives . BAD , BAD , BAD .	-1
By far one of the strongest fulfillment tapes I 've ever used . My only issue -- I had to change the blade in my tape gun in order to cut it , and even with a new blade , if I did n't cut it cleanly on the first attempt , I had to grab a scissors.Edit : Not long after I originally reviewed this tape , I put together a box that I ended up not using . Not wanting to cut the tape to refold the box for storage , I just left it sit taped-up . Well , today I needed to use that box.Unfortunately what I found is that the tape was curling-up , and not fully adhering to the box any longer . It 's a bad thing when a shipping tape does n't permanently stick to cardboard , so I need to downgrade my rating.My advice is to make sure any place you use this tape on the box , you encircle the box so the tape can adhere to itself . Do not expect it to adhere very well to the cardboard .	-1
The device worked well for me , but after 4 months , they shut off my Magicjack for violation of terms of service . It took a bit of effort to find out what was violated and they claimed excessive use . There is no support number ; you have to get support online only with live chat or from their knowledge base . There is a billing questions number and you can call that . That 's the only way to get a live person , but they only want you to call it for billing questions.The problem is you have no idea what constitutes excessive use or when you might be exceeding their limits . The terms of service says if your usage exceeds 20 times more than the average customer or more than 50 calls a day you have violated the terms . The 50 calls is easy to quantify , but what about the 20 times more than the average ? The terms also say it is not limited to just this criteria , so you have no clue what other criteria they might use to decide that you have had excessive use . There is no way to know what that is . Instead of just suspending your service for a while , they cut you off permanently with no recourse . You lose any remaining time you may have paid for.If you are a light phone user , MagicJack may be okay for you , but do n't expect to be on the phone for a lot of time or they may cut you off for excessive use , with no recourse , since you must agree to the terms of service . I would never get this device again . Read those terms of service before you agree to use this device .	-1
This is standard wide ruled binder paper . It is heavy duty enough to be taken in and out of my binder . The wide rules make for easy note taking and organization . The white color is clean , but not too bright . This is fine for use in my new binder .	1
No amount of pushing or prying with a thin , sturdy object would get the tape compartment open , and I eventually decided it was n't worth losing a finger jumst to have a two inch piece of tape pop out of the dispenser . It is n't much smaller than a roll of tape on a plastic dispenser , with the advantage that you can strap it over your fingers , but the disadvantage that you ca n't size the tape as needed . Is this really an improvement ? Perhaps it 's more environmentally friendly over the long run , but only if it works.Back to the drawing board , Scotch !	-1
These are quality labels and in all my time using them I 've never had one jam nor smudge ( as advertised ) . However I never have had a problem with my labels jamming or smudging so I do n't necessarily see how these specific labels are superior in any sense from other , possibly even off-brand labels .	1
I use these clips for everything . There a good size not to big and not to small . I do also buy the small ones . They 're good too . But you can do so much more with the medium size .	1
I figured these labels would be comparable with other Avery labels . these are truly smudge free and easy to peel off ... .no rips or tears from the sheet .	1
If you have items that you want to mount on the wall , but do n't want to drive nails , this is the tape for you . I have used this to put up small pictures in my daughters ' rooms , and it works great . I would n't trust any kind of tape for large pictures , but that is not why you would buy this.One thing to be aware of ... .it 's biggest strength is also somewhat of a weakness . Once you put something on the wall with this tape , it is staying on the wall . It does not remove easily , and thus is not suitable for mounting things you may want to move from time to time ( i.e . posters in a child 's room , wall calendars , etc. ) . They make other kind of lightweight , low adhesion tapes , that might be more suitable for that.Overall ... .great at what it does and recommended .	1
I have bad luck with Epson products . Their longevity sucks . This worked well in the beginning , although it felt like each scan took forever . The software and choosing what and how to use to scan was n't easy to use . I 'm not the top of tech savvy , but i 'm not at the bottom either . It stopped scanning after very few uses ( months later , but total uses was maybe 100 tops ) . I 've tried downloading a driver upgrade ... it just wo n't work . It wo n't load onto my computer . It 's too deep to store easily and too big . I bought it to scan family photos , but it takes too long ( took too long ) and i gave up . It really , for me , was a waste of money . My other Epson printer died after a few months . I truly can not recommend Epson products and wo n't ever purchase them again . Guaranteed .	-1
This plastic stand appears to be well constructed , but badly designed . If your computer happens to be the exact size , design , and weight distribution for which this unit is probably designed , then it might work for you.Mine is a little taller and narrower than the usual boxy CPU model ( A Dell XPS Studio ) but within the limits posted for the unit , it just sits there trying to balance , but there is space left over to either side . I selected it because my CPU has the ventilation on the sides and I needed a unit that did n't cover them up . The stand does not grip the sides , there is no lock mechanism to lock the width so it will hold on to the sides ( only the wheels lock ) . The CPU just balances on the base with no side support.My purpose for getting a stand is not to just raise the CPU off the floor , but to be able to move it back and forth under the desk when I need to check a connection.My previous metal stands made by Fellowes worked this way , but the high sides covered up the ventilation holes on this particular computer.Since this is just a suspension device that does n't really hold on to the unit , I feel uncomfortable putting my CPU on this unit and hope it does n't fall off .	-1
I should have paid more attention before selecting this label . While the label provides ample room to write notes , the label is so large that I end up covering part of a page that would prefer to see . It 's too hard to find a place to put this large label where it does n't cover everything . One place where I plan to use the label will be for recipes where I want to cover an existing ingredients list with a revised list based on a different number of portions . For users who want a lot of writing space , and are willing to cover existing items , this label should be fine .	-1
I see too many negative comments . It 's 5 bucks . How powerful of a book stand do you want for 5 bucks ? No it does n't lock . No it does n't hold 2000 page dictionaries . However ... .Yes , it 's 5 bucks ... .Yes , it holds a college books ... .Yes , it stays still ( even without a lock ! ) . Good stuff for 5 bucks . It holds a book.If you 're thinking this will hold a large book , it wo n't . A large hardcover book , like a certification book , would have to be less than 400 pages to fit in here . The only way it would fit a large dictionary , as pictured , would be if you opened it to the middle page and never wanted to read any place else .	1
I used these labels to print some return address labels . All in all they came out great , but had to waste a few sheets before I got them just right ! I 'm not sure if it was my printer or the labels , but the template that Avery told me to use was a tad off - some of the text got printed off the label . All I did was mess with the margins in MS Word a little bit , saved the template , and it ended up coming out quite nice.I do like the concept of the `` Easy Peel '' and it works pretty decently . I 'd say someone with arthritis could benefit from this very much.I 'm so happy that I do n't have to write my address on all my outgoing mail anymore !	1
This book holder works well even with large books . It can be folded flat for easy storage in a briefcase . It 's an expensive . I would not hesitate to buy another one if I needed it .	1
I got this looking for a simple copy holder ... I was easily deceived by the picture thinking it would be much less than it is ! It has a large footprint and it 's got a significant weight to it ... it really will hold up to 300 sheets ! I do find that for some reason , the little elastic cord that runs across it to hold your paper against the back seems to pop off when not in use , so if you move it around frequently to make room for other things ( as I mentioned , it 's rather large ) , you run the risk of losing that cord .	1
We have a small trade school and use these for our students . Last year they worked out great so I 'm ordering several more for use in 2012.I make up student notebooks , and insert handouts in the pockets of these dividers . The plastic holds up well and withstands lots of abuse . The colors are great and help to organize the information into categories for quick retrieval . I do n't always stick with the exact same products from year to year , I tend to switch around a lot in my never ending attempt at perfection . In this case , I really do n't think I 'll find anything I like better , so it makes my job a lot easier to know I can stick with these dividers . Could n't be happier !	1
This simple dispenser for hole reinforcements works great , peeling one reinforcement at a time off the backing tape as you gently pull it out of the dispenser box . Very nice .	1
This was a replacement for an cracked mat of identical dimensions for my home . It laid flat quickly , however it does NOT hold well in standard apartment carpet . At least 6 times a day I must move it back to where it belongs . Spend a little more and get one that has deeper nubs because this was a total waste of money . Did not have that plastic odor . NOT recommended .	-1
When I think Sharpie , I think BOLD . I think clean solid bold lines . When I saw this product I was really excited , saw that it was back ordered I was even more excited , received it and was immediately disappointed.The functionality of writing pencil that becomes permanent after a few days was not of interest to me ... but a pencil that did n't have breaking led or the need to advance lead ? That sounded great ! So here is the lowdown : It does n't write as cleanly or consistently as erasable pens . It does n't write as cleanly as a pencil . It sort of writes like a cheaper than the cheapest Bic pen you 've ever tried.I am not happy with this pencil at all , and will never buy them again unless they say that they 've made changes . I 'd just basically consider this an erasable pen , and at the bottom of the heap of performance , at that .	-1
I 'm a writer and photographer , so I 'm on my computer a large percentage of the day . When I 'm writing I do n't need my mouse as much , but when I 'm editing photos it 's all about the clicking . I 've even had sore fingers from clicking before , which is definitely something that 's annoying . I had the opportunity to try out this wrist rest and was excited for it . I hoped that it would help me to use my mouse with less pain.While the wrist rest part works well , I do not like the mouse pad itself . The pad is very scratchy , so when you move your mouse around it just is a scratchy , grating feeling . It 's definitely something that is really annoying for me . I prefer a smooth surface to use my mouse on.I 'm definitely not going to be using this mouse pad any time soon . I also reviewed the3M Gel Wrist Rest , Black Leatherette , 7 Inch Length , Antimicrobial Product Protection ( WR305LE ) , and that is much more comfortable with no scratchy feeling because I can use whatever mouse pad I want to with it .	-1
Technical Details sayBrand Name AveryItem Weight 2.6 ouncesProduct Dimensions 7 x 4.8 x 0.8 inchesItem model number 24063Color AssortedNumber of Items 1Size Pack of 4Ink Color Fluorescent Yellow , Fluorescent Green , Fluorescent Pink and Fluorescent OrangeManufacturer Part Number 24063however the packaging does not say fluorescent anywhere , they are just normal highlightersI have an old original one that is out of ink and that one clearly says fluorescent and dennison on top of the word hi-literthis one says made in mexico , the original says made in the USAslight difference in shade of color in the plastic as wellthe two are identical in shape and size	-1
As others have stated , this really is a cheap little bundle . The adhesive is cheap , the `` container '' for the Post-it notes is cheap . It 's just cheap in so many way . You 're truly better off buying a stack of post-it notes and a little , smart-looking container for them.The biggest issue with this set is that by pulling on the Post-it notes the way you 're supposed to just ends up bending or wrinkling them on their way out of the wrapper . So what 's the point , Mr. Post-it ? What were you thinking ? 2 stars out of 5 , and only then because at least you can use the Post-its and throw away the silly adhesive containers ...	-1
So far I have not had any problems with these labels but I only use them on envelopes for invitations and thank you 's . What I like about Avery products is that you can always find an exact template for their products for free on their website . These labels print well , no smudging , they feed through the printer without any problem and they seem to stick well . If you want a quality product , you always get that from Avery .	1
Ouch ! I was just about to sit down to write a rave review . The product had been performing as advertised ( dropper applicator worked fine and cap was n't getting stuck ) . However , when I just now picked it up to give the bottle another glance , glue spilled all over a small portion of my fancy new dining room table and on my laptop . I wiped up most of it with a paper towel , which is now stuck to my thumb and several fingers . Unfortunately , we did't have any acetone in the house . ( might want to have some on standby if you 're going to use this product ! ) The glue leaked out the side of the bottle ... around one of the seams of the magic `` button '' on both sides that gives you that precision one drop at a time . I 'm sure it was a fluke ... a bad bottle , but given the fact that my table now has a big smudge mark of super glue on it , the return key on my MacBook has a low rise crater and my thumb and fingers are hurting from the pain ... I ca n't recommend it , although I 'm not selling my 3M stock ... at least not yet.One recommendation , keep the bottle upright when not in use and do n't squeeze the sides until you 're ready to use the dropper .	-1
I loved using this product in my school printer . I often had to buy ink myself due to lack of funds	1
I did n't find it particularly as much `` reduced effort '' as I had hoped for . It 's a perfectly fine product for what it is but I 've since purchased much more reduced effort staplers from other manufacturers since this purchase.As an aside and maybe I 'm being overly fussy , but this is primarily an office product ( at 70 sheet capacity ) -- so why did they make it with such a bright , unsightly orange ? ! ? ! ?	-1
Let 's get this said first -- we all hate those illustrated directions that come with Chinese put-it-together furniture . You know , the ones with little to no text , cryptic graphics that only a child could love , no photos and the infamous parts list of A to Z . That 's exactly what you get with Safco 's Scoot Desk-Side Printer Stand.Well , almost . There is one significant difference with this product -- and it 's a big deal . Other to-be-assembled furniture ( including some of Safco 's own products ) have lettered stickers on the various parts so that you can match them up with the part letters on the drawings . You get no such help from Safco on their Scoot Desk-Side Printer Stand . You are left to figure out what each item is by studying the less than clear instruction sheet drawings.Okay , some things are obvious . There is only one Leg Frame ( part B ) and it looks different from anything else . However , try to tell the Adjustable Shelf ( part G ) from the Bottom Panel ( part F ) and you have your work cut out for you . ( Here 's a hint . There is a subtle difference and the instructions do attempt to illustrate this . G has a double flange on the front , F does not . So look carefully . ) This furniture is black on black on black . ( The panels are black , the shelves are black and -- wait for it -- the screws are black . ) If you have n't yet had the fun of looking inside a totally black stand to try and determine if the black screws are tight or not , you are in for a frustrating adventure . You may need to borrow a 5,000 watt movie flood lamp to have enough light to see if you tightened everything down.Speaking of the screws , they are all the same . It does n't matter if you are screwing into the pressboard top or the aluminum legs , you use exactly the same type screw . And those screws do n't seem to want to penetrate the press board . They bind long before they are fully meshed . Now , this is a total mystery . There is nothing as easy to punch a hole through then pressboard , yet these screws do n't seem up to the task . They do better into the aluminum legs , although on my stand one of the legs had a screw hole that was n't tapped properly and the screw resisted being tightened down into that hole.While we are speaking of the screws , they come in a plastic bag inside of the parts box . My unit had a punctured plastic bag , so instead of being nicely contained they were scattered all about inside of the parts box . That should not have been the case.The last surprise was the casters . Keep in mind that you are assembling the unit upside down at first and then on its side when installing the casters . The casters do not lock into the caster sockets . They just slide into the hole . In fact , the so-called caster socket is nothing more than a hole drilled into a piece of plastic that is shoved into the legs . Once you install the casters and begin to tilt the unit right side up , the casters fall out . There is nothing to hold them in place other than good old gravity . That made for several frustrating moments at the end of the installation . If Safeco had thought to have the casters lock into the caster sockets ( like it does on other manufacturer 's furniture , ) tilting the unit up would have been a non-issue . Instead I wound up installing the casters by laying on the floor with the unit right side up and lifting one leg at a time.I really debated whether to give the Scoot Desk-Side Printer Stand two stars or three stars . In terms of usability as a printer or scanner stand once it 's completed , it 's probably a three star rating . However , the poor instructions and the thoughtless way that some of the parts go together ( especially those caster wheels ) really deserves a one star rating . So , in the end , I decided that two stars is probably the fairest rating I can offer Safeco on this Scoot Desk-Side Printer Stand .	-1
I 've had two brother printers over the past decade . They were both quiet . This printer has a side fan that is as loud as a leaf blower ! I could not believe what I heard . If you print just one page , the fan activates for 10 minutes ! Then it shuts off . No way to disable the fan . It continues to run after the one minute sleep mode kicks in . You must suffer for the full 10 minutes.For some , they may not mind it . I do mind it . Returned it the next day for a comparable HP printer . The HP is silent . I am now happy .	-1
I use these labels all the time . The only thing I have found *wrong* with them is that they do n't stick to every surface as well as I would like ( but that 's to be said of most stickers ) . They are easy to peel but that also means that when you stick them on certain surfaces ( ie : shiny boxes ) , the can have their edges `` roll '' in a bit after time .	1
As of this review : 317 5-star ratings , and 486 1-star ratings . This product has been out for years and they still do n't have the bugs worked out . Great idea , but obviously does n't work consistently . And I would n't doubt that the inventor is a billionaire even though the product is krap .	-1
First of all , unless you are in Vine , you DO NOT receive a binder with these dividers . So disregard any comments about a binder in reviews when considering ordering this product.Printing them was simple as was applying them in the strips of 5 makes quick and easy work of getting the dividers ready . The ink from my Canon inkjet did not smear at all.These dividers are great for large projects that you want to look professional . However , the biggest drawback is that you must print all 50 of the clear labels at once . This is fine if you have multiple presentations but makes it difficult to for smaller projects unless you want to write on the tabs , which defeats the purpose of getting printable tabs . In short , this product is fantastic for making up presentation binders for a business , but will not be useful for setting up binders for your kids for school ( since they are unlikely to need 50 dividers at once ) . I would not use them for my own home use , but will buy more for my business.I gave this 4 stars in relation to using it for larger projects .	1
Very good product . Ever since using it , the shredder definitely sounds to be working smoother and definitely more quietly as it shreds .	1
Got ta hand it to Avery , they 've locked the sticky label market up . These are fairly priced , sticky , and there 's nothing to not like about them.Paired with a quick printer , these can save you a whole lot of time , and they will stay stuck .	1
I own 4 staplers which are in use throughout the house . They are all made by Swingline . This one sports a smaller size than most and average build quality . It is easy to use and works as well with 1 page or 20 pages . A nice boost in leverage provided by this design and honestly it truly IS easier to use ... ... ... .That & # 8217 ; s until it JAMS ... ... .. Yep , for some reason this unit seems prone to jamming . It works great and all the sudden , & # 8220 ; WHAMMO & # 8221 ; and you are dead in the water . I am thinking perhaps the quality of the staples I am using are not up to snuff . On the other hand , staplers should work , no matter the brand of staples , as long as they are the right size . That 's another point , you MUST get 1/4 inch S.F.4 # 35450 staples for this thing to work properly at least according to the instructions printed on the box.After bit of work and a few poked fingers I got the thing un-jammed and THEN I had trouble closing it up . Too much trouble for me to keep messing with . On the other hand , all 3 of my other Swingline Staplers work perfectly . Go figure . Sounds like some folks here have had better luck than I have , . With that in mind , your mileage may vary but I ca n't personally recommend this one .	-1
Love the lamination ! Scotch is the best and they know it cause they charge too much . It 's not worth twenty words in a review . If you can find it cheaper somewhere , let me know .	-1
very good organizer keep things neat an orderly would recommend this for any desk thank you very much love it . Bjwolf	1
My wife uses a computer for her job and she finds this very helpful to reduce fatigue of her hand and arm.She likes the size it 's not to small or to big and the price was right .	1
I have to wrap a ton of gifts throughout the year and I love this gift wrap tape - it is thicker and attaches more smoothly than regular tape . I bought this on sale and feel happy to be able to use it once in a while . Highly recommended !	1
Well , what can I say -- they 're binder clips . They work , they are sturdy , they are functional , they do the job . I like them just fine .	1
I am an engineer , and any engineer working for Epson should be embarrassed to admit they work for this company . Today I am throwing out a perfectly good , like brand new Epson Artisan 800 printer simply because the `` Printer ink pads are at the end of their service life . Please contact Epson support. '' . I am not kidding . My printer has printed less than 1000 pages , and when the ink pads that take the excess ink get full , Epson has it set up so that the printer shuts down and is no longer useable . I am not making this up- it comes straight from Epson . Virtually every time you use the printer after a day of non-use , it goes through a full cycle of head cleaning that literally shoots a tablespoon of ink into the pads . Yes , I am serious , I tested it with my own eyes and have seen other 's videos of this . You can turn off the automatic head cleaning , but then you have to deal with frequent bad pages , so it is a catch 22 situation . Anyway , after talking to Epson , I was offered a `` deal '' on the Artisan 835 to replace this one ... .Yes , I am serious , Epson designed this unit to be thrown away when it is in perfect condition simply because the ink pads are full . You ask , you mean they did n't simply make it so you could remove the ink pad , clean it , and reset the printer and keep on printing ? Yes , that is what I am saying . Their engineers should have their diplomas stripped . You can buy software to reset the printer ( but not from Epson ) , and then go through the process of removing and cleaning your ink pads . What a joke ! Epson should have built the availability to do this easily themselves . If they think their planned obsolescence of the printer will make them more money , think again . I will never buy another Epson inkjet printer .	-1
I have used Avery address labels in the past and love their templates for large mailings . The easy peel feature improves the old labels . I highly recommend these .	1
Just what I needed . I 'm happy with the purchase and the color too .	1
So far I 've had this printer almost two weeks , and I think I 've finally figured out how to get it to stop crippling my system.At first , the drivers on the CD caused my internet connection to drop every minute or so . I downloaded the latest drivers from the HP website and at first it appeared that things improved , but I discovered that the drivers caused my computer to hang after a short time and hose my system so bad it would n't even shut down ! On one occasion of turning my computer off without shutting down , it actually messed up my operating system and I had to rebuild my machine ! I can definitively trace the problem to the HP drivers because the problems occur only after installing the drivers , the problems disappear when the drivers are uninstalled , and even on a freshly built system I experience the same issues right after installing the HP drivers ! For those stuck in a similar rut , here 's the steps I 've gone through after many hours of tinkering and talking with HP support to get things working ( hopefully ) :1 . Download the latest drivers from the HP site . Version 4.42.0.0 seems to work okay.2 . Do n't install the `` Smart Web Printing '' components ( they may hang IE ) .3 . Give your printer a static IP address through the controls on the physical printer ( you ca n't do it through the management software ) .4 . Disable the three HP-related services in services.msc.5 . DO NOT allow an automatic update installing the ~April 2008 Imaging Device Functions `` critical patch '' which will corrupt your system.Other than the driver problems , the printer itself is fantastic . I 've had printers hooked up to print servers before , but never an all-in-one that allowed printing , scanning AND fax-related activities over the network . The supporting software is also fantastic . Not only can you launch a scan from your network-connected computer , but you can designate that you want it in a searchable format ( .pdf , .rtf , etc . ) and the optical character recognition ( OCR ) software does a good job of recognizing text and sizing it appropriately ( thus the scan is not just an image , but a document whose text you can cut/paste/etc . ) .Also , apparently you have the ability to have received faxes save straight to your computer over the network instead of being printed out , the two-sided printing is better for the environment , as is the Energy Star rating which is a big plus in my book ! In short , the driver situation makes this purchase a sketchy one , at least for Vista owners , but the great features and capabilities of this printer have me hanging on instead of returning the printer hoping that HP will eventually resolve the problems.UPDATE : Actually , even with the above tweaks , I still exprienced problems with the drivers crashing my system ( e.g . freezing after waking up from sleep mode ) . I even went so far as to downgrade from 64-bit to 32-bit , but my system is still dragged down by this piece of garbage and there 's no ETA on an updated driver which has sat unchanged for at least three months.Sad . It 's a good product marred by awful drivers/software.I 'd take both stars away if I could.SECOND UPDATE : If you 're looking for a good WiFi printer , but own Vista , consider theEpson WorkForce 600 ( which I 'm now using successfully with Vista ) orHP 's Officejet Wireless 6500 , which is basically the `` certified for Vista '' version of the J6480 .	-1
A classic , well made phone like they all used to be . Feels good in your hand and sounds good when you listen . Inexpensive but made well .	1
Smooth and flowing ... shucks , these pen-pencils do n't do that . The ink does not come out smoothly and when it does it is very light . Since it 's already light it 's easy to erase.Do n't buy these . They obviously did n't go through product testing .	-1
The PT-65 has become a lifesaver in my workplace . Since I work with Nortel phone systems , life can get pretty wild when you have a load of phones to punch down on blocks that go to different wings of a building . I carry the PT-65 with me to new job sites and label each punch-down block so that I can easily keep track of what goes where . Also , the labels look very professional when placed on folders in the office.Overall , this labeler is quite easy to use and very convenient to carry around from job to job . I 'm sure it works great with computers , filing systems , and even baseball card collections as well .	1
I always have these on hand and use them in all sorts of ways . Here is a short list ... 1 . Keeps potato chip , cereal , and other bags tightly rolled up2 . Have thumb tacks or screws to hang these on for papers , photos , even magazines3 . Clothes line hangers ! Work much better than the wooden sets and no spring to fail4 . Hold cables together for organization . Need to unplug something ? Just open it up and close back on the remaining cables ! 5 . When working on my car I use these to hold wires and other small things out of the way6 . On an aquarium use these not just to organize your cable but to move airline tube out of sight . Use a thumbtack to keep it where you want it7 . Hang the floor mats from your car to hose them off . I have screws setup just for this purpose . Leave them hanging to dry8 . TortureThere are many more ways to use these and I am sure people have great suggestions ! Add them to the comments on this review ! For the money you just can not beat the versatility . These well made clips will last a long time and are completely worth buying over and over again .	1
I have a Swingline Standard Stapler and have had it in my office for a number of years . It was cheap and looked nice but has n't worked nearly as well as the older , cruder model it replaced . Although looking rather attractive it is nowhere nearly as sturdy as my previous stapler . It jams off and on and sometimes gets the staple stuck to where it requires a pliers to remove it . It works fairly well with up to six pages , but beyond that it struggles . I would not regard it as a quality office instrument . There are better staplers available , although they might cost more.Gary Peterson	-1
Excellent labels . They adhered themselves to my envelopes like little soldiers ... just as if their tiny little label lives depended on it ... which , I suppose , they did . There is room to write even the most pretentious European address , where they add all kinds of extra lines just to show off that they are in Europe , when we in America , the largest God Given Land Mass in The Continental World Of Its Kind , need just 3 lines.Does it mean we are better than those who live overseas ? Maybe . And we do n't have to talk with those fancy accents either , or in those foreign languages . What 's with them ? When did they start with that ? Do they think they are too good to speak English ? Which is the language used in the Bible , so are they sending a message that way , too ? Like to Satan or his mignons ? ? ? ? BAnyway that is for each of us to determine in his or her own heart , and we are not here to talk about the snide , red-tinged and possibly devil worshiping Europeans , but about these Avery Labels , so let us return to our subject . But you must admit , speaking a foreign language AND using more than 3 lines in an adress is just putting it on that one layer too thick . .Okay , here we are , back to the labels again . What makes Avery 1/2 X 1 3/4 Laser Printer Labels one notch better than your label ( and certainly your inferior European label ) , what takes them to that semi-mythical Uber-label pantheon , is the stick up edge . You know when you have ten million labels to stick on envelopes and you try bending the page so the labels are easier to pull off , but some bend and some do n't , and a couple even bend too far so they get stuck to themselves and you have to sneaky throw them away so no one will see ? Well finally somebody twigged to the need for a bent edge label and here it is.The bent edge does not make sticking labels on envelopes any less miserable , time-consuming and tedious a job , one more suited to , say , the Europeans . Labelling is awful work , particularly when one does it in one 's office where one can not turn the TV set on to watch Judge Judy , but the Avery Labels have that bent edge , a new High Tech Cutting Edge Design Element that makes the job go a little bit faster and every little bit helps . And if you want to know why , at my age , my job still entails sticking labels on envelopes , it 's because Shut Up .	1
I would suggest another brand . First thing is the plastic itself is not clear to begin with , poor design or Quality control.Used multiple times but still got either bubbles or not very good contact between the two pieces .	-1
I really like the size of these . I hate wasting a bigger label ( like an Avery 5160 ) for return addresses and have even cut them in half sometimes . These are nice because they are smaller . I would have liked them slightly shorter but a touch wider . Mostly because I usually have 3 lines , and it -just- fits . I do n't want to use 7pt fonts , either . My text also bled off the top edge on the bottom 5 rows of the sheet a few times . I know my printer is n't perfect everytime it draws a page through , so I realize it is n't completely the product 's fault . I use a laser printer , I do n't think it matters much that they say `` inkjet '' ... maybe using a laser product in an inkjet might smear , but I never had a problem the other way around . I suppose I can fool around with the margining setup for the label template to alleviate the text `` drift . `` I do like the easy peel and not having to pick at the corners of labels to get them off . I have always liked the quality of Avery labels , and these did not disappoint me . I would get these again .	1
This thing has ghastly sound quality , on par with the cheapest , worse little vintage transistor radio . The only reason I kept it was I needed something in a hurry to finish out an online class after my headphones died , and all the headphones I 'd tried were not only garbage , but uncomfortable garbage . With this , at least , I did n't have to wear it on my head.It is roughly the size of a deck of cards , so it is portable . But I really ca n't in good conscience recommend this . If you have any familiarity at all with quality audio gear , this will drive you bonkers .	-1
These dividers were just what the teacher ordered for organizing my high school student 's binder . The instructions were clear and easy to follow , the resulting labels look terrific and the dividers are sturdy enough to last the whole school year . The five sets in the package make it a great deal . The only thing that could have made this a five star review was having multi colors versus white only .	1
First , I love most Sharpie products , including their new non-permanent pens . So I thought I 'd give these a try.As has been well-documented here by others , the writing does not look like a pencil , it looks like a grey pen that skips a lot . There is no boldness to the line , and it makes reading what you wrote an eyesore.Truly a disappointment , and a surprisingly poor product .	-1
I have been using Avery 5260 address labels for years . They are perfect for addressing envelopes , labeling files , and even captioning photos in albums . Avery labels are easy to use , rarely smudge , and peel off easily . The package contains 25 sheets , 30 labels per sheet for a total of 750 labels . Avery address labels are handy for home , school , or office use and work well with most printers . Highly recommended .	1
One thing to love , the bright primary colors of yellow , red and blue of the folders.So many things to hate about these hanging folders ! Everything about these folders seems to be do it yourself.First of all , to make them square on the bottom you have to put this long strip of cardboard into the bottom of each folder which you also have to pull apart each piece of cardboard , which is hard enough in itself as far as getting the cardboard ends to stay in the bottom of each folder . I used a little piece of tape to secure the cardboard on each end of the folder.The folder itself , it does n't seem to be any thicker , maybe even thinner than Pendaflex file folders.Instead of the cardboard they included which is n't very thick , it would have made the bottom of the folders more rigid/durable , stand easier , if they had used some kind of durable plastic instead of cardboard , which would have made much more sense to make them more square on the bottom of each folder.Since most people do n't put the same amounts of paper in each folder , it was n't fun to get the folders to fit in correctly , to lay flat on the bottom of each folder in either my file box in my desk , or this big file box that I have in my bedroom.Then the white ends of each folder that makes them hang , it kept finding it 's way into the sleeve of my blouse.Then they include this sheet of paper and plastic covers for you to put onto each folder so that it would show what is in each folder . I did n't use these either . Iam not sure if the paper would even stay in the plastic covers.While I was doing all of this I decided to change out each manila folder to a new one . To do two chores at once , so that I wo n't have to bother with any of this for a long time.I just do n't see any added benefit to having this kind of hanging folder , or any improvement what so ever to having this kind of hanging folder ! ! I only used about half of the box of 25 folders that they included , before I decided to call it a day with these folders.If you want hanging folders , I would just use these hanging folders without the included cardboard for the bottom of each folder , which does n't seem to have any added benefit.I would also forgo the paper/plastic part you are supposed to put onto the top of each folder to show what is in each hanging folder.You can just use manila folders , or whatever kind of folders you like that have a place to write on the tab part , to show what is in each folder.I also used some label tape to show what is in each folder.For a company to make what should be such an easy thing to use , how did they end up deciding that doing it this way was a good way to do it ? If you like feeling frustrated/aggravated , this might be the perfect product for you to use !	-1
A loud humming sound was present on the Ooma phone line when the Ooma device was located anywhere near my DECT 6.0 cordless phone base station , and only when a cordless handset was being used . Apparently Ooma is very susceptible to RF interference ( might happen if near my WiFi router as well ) . After reading 5 pages of people complaining about the humming sound on the Ooma forum , I managed to reduce the hum by running a wire from the shield of the Ooma USB connector to house ground . But voice quality still is n't great.I was annoyed that the Ooma has only one phone jack despite advertising support for two lines . A second phone line requires an special Ooma handset ( plus the $ 10/month `` Premier '' subscription ) , so it wo n't work with 2-line phones . I would perhaps suggest using amagicJack Plusfor a second line.There is no backup battery in the Ooma to protect against power loss , so you may want to buy a UPS for both the Ooma and your router , to enable calls when the power is out.After using this for a month , I have noted that many calls do not go through . On some outgoing calls , I get a `` busy signal '' on the first attempt , when the person I was calling was not on the phone . Sometimes people that try to call me get a `` can not take your call right now '' message on incoming calls ( when I 'm not on the phone ) . So far the call has always worked on the second attempt , but me and my callers really should n't need to try multiple times.Got this at Costco for a good price and the unlimited return policy .	-1
I bought several of these to hold doors open while moving from one apartment to another . They are realy light , too light to hold a heavy door . They are also prone to breaking or bending rather than holding doors in place if you do manage to get them to stay put . I ended up needing to wedge several of these together under an exterior door to keep it open .	-1
For a simple no bells and whistles phone , this did the trick . There is an ability to put batteries in the thing , but I do n't know why . Just plugging it into the wall works well and I have had no complaints . This has been good for work at home jobs as well as when the electricity goes out . In a pinch , when the cordless is dead , we also use this phone .	1
Once I tried this brand tape I have never bought anything but this kind since ! I love how it goes on with a silky completely non-glare finish . The tape is strong and It does n't seem to curl up on itself as much as other kinds do . It holds extremely well and in my opinion looks so much nicer than the shiney tape does . I really think if you try it you 'll be hooked-or rather , stuck on it !	1
Stated that `` Drum '' ( a piece that the cartridge is `` inserted into '' and then totality is placed into into the printer 's cartridge slot . Now my printer works and does not jam paper.Someone at Amazon should understand what it is they 're selling ; the Brother website has a link to Amazon and makes no mention of the `` Drum '' either.Read this over again and save yourself some money and frustration . Spent all day yesterday in a downtown store to figure this one out ; after 3 TN-650 cartridges that did nothing but cause paper jams it 's `` another '' part not spelled out in the reviews and instructions ; at least the Hewlett-Packard spends money on their technical writing staff .	-1
Belkin Wrist Pad is a great support for all people who spend lot of time working with their keyboards that will help your wrists and hands do n't get tired so much.It 's lightweight , very comfortable , ergonomic product and it 's made asymmetrical that is great for me because position of hands during keyboard use is n't the same.The pad is filled with gel making it adjustable to your own hands thus providing great support.I like keyboard wrist pads that are n't combined with mouse pads because that allows user to combine position of keyboards and mouse in a way that is convenient to the user , but also making it suitable for both left-handers and right-handers.Since I use it for a month I can not yet speak about its durability though it 's looking like a lasting product that does n't wear a lot during use.Overall , this Belkin Wrist Pad would be my first recommendation if you are searching for good wrists support being in front of the computer for a whole day .	1
As a student , this came in very handy . I was studying coding so looking at my textbook and typing the code on the computer was getting tedious . This stand helped make it so much easier . It 's sturdy and folds practically flat so when I 'm not using it , I just stick it between my books . Thanks , Fellowes !	1
These labels are shown on the outer package with a return address and the addressee fitting comfortably on the outside of an envelope . However , these are only 2x4 '' - trying to fit the return address as well as an address was a bit too snug for my liking.Still , I had a mass-mailing that needed to be done , so I used these labels . I enlarged the typeface and used them strictly for addressee information , afixing a smaller return address label to the top left corner of a large envelope . Instead of looking liking tiny labels on a big envelope , these labels were sizable enough to dominate the envelope well enough to stand out and be noticed - particularly important for mailing purposes.It 's always good to find other uses for labels - these were just large enough to fit another purpose very well . I have a massive library of books and those that are favorites merit a nameplate . I used clipart and created bookplates . Turned on end , they fit particularly well inside the front of books without being overly large . The labels are thick and solid enough to work without looking flimsy . I am very happy with these labels .	1
This tape has a nice finish on it . It feels nice to the touch . I would n't keep it around for fixing things , as it is n't the strongest adhesive , but it is nicer than less expensive tapes when you use it on gifts . In other words , it 's perfectly suitable for its intended purpose .	1
My employee bought eight of these things less than six months ago . One of them works . It no longer & # 34 ; snaps & # 34 ; the staple . When you push it down it just gently feeds a staple out the end . SEVEN of them are dead . WASTE OF MONEY	-1
The overall design and intent of this phone is solid . If you have a relative with hearing problems or other impairment , it ( or a similar alternative ) is worth considering.Oddly , the audio quality of the caller ID announce is so bad that it is unintelligible for those with normal hearing . It is surprising that audio quality is far worse than other phones marketed as mainstream products.One other design element to consider is that the phone is not well suited for wall mounting that exists in many US homes . It requires a separately purchased bracket that juts out so far as to look odd . Regardless of the merits of wall mounting in general , if you have an existing hole in the wall that needs to be covered , this phone may not be for your particular application .	-1
Generally , my main complaint about labels is the poor quality glue that 's used and their inability to stick to anything other than a narrow range of paper types . Most Avery labels can stick to a wide variety of materials ranging from paper to pained surfaces to plastic and these are no exception.As advertised , they are very opaque and anything underneath will generally not show through . If you hold the label up to the light , you might be able to make out what was underneath -- but otherwise you ca n't see through it.They feed through printers without issue ( even color lasers that may snake the labels through several rollers ) and peel of cleanly.Do you need Avery labels for everything ? No , not really . But you are definitely getting a better product for the money .	1
I had Parker pens growing up and always liked them . They were a 'special treat ' and great quality . Since this was a good price on Amazon I decided to give it a try . I was very disappointed as an overall writing instrument . It is a very lightweight , thin , not that comfortable to write with pen . Basically you are paying for the Parker ink cartridge . It ends up , frankly , being a cheap , light , basic case no better than your 10 for $ 5 pens with a good ink cartridge . So you get what you pay for here : an ink cartridge and a bad , small ( men with big hands stay away ) very disappointing case that adds nothing to the cartridge at all .	-1
I thought I could save money by printing some photos on this less expensive matte photo paper . Big mistake . Quality is so poor that I 'm ready to just dump it . Ca n't figure what else to use it for .	-1
The wrap that I was sent by one of the 3rd party sellers was not the name-brand advertised here.While the wrap has worked well enough , it was not what I paid for . I have tried several times to leave a review only to have it rejected . I am continue to be disappointed with the ever-declining quality of what used to be a good site .	-1
This is a very nice calculator for high school students in higher math - algebra , trig , pre-calculus . The two line display is an added bonus . Ca n't beat the price for the functionality .	1
This is a good quality printer but it cost a lot to operate ! We have this printer for few months and we have already replaced ink cartridge 6 times ! yes , 6 times ! We do not use the printer often - just occasional for printing homework for school or work . If one of the ink cartridges is low ( not even empty ! ) , this machine shut down and wo n't even print anything until you replace it to a new cartridge . I used to have HP printer and it operates until the ink cartridge is empty ... .So get ready to spend money for ink cartridges if you are buying this printer ...	-1
I have routinely spent a lot of money on nice , colorful gift wrap and then , when I get the gift wrapped all that seems to stand out is the tape that is used to seal the package . This gift wrap tape actually becomes invisable on the package and lets your gift wrap show through . It does n't cost much more to make your gift wrapping look really professional . I used this tape on both a solid blue colored wrap and a mulit-colored paper and it worked great on both . It was also invisable where I used the tape to attach the little envelope with the gift tag and note , I recommend this tape and will probably end up using it for more than just gift wrapping.. it 's a very nice tape for everyday use as well .	1
I do like the fact that this stand has adjustable angles but am taken aback by the price/design ratio . The way that the legs attach to the sides of the support makes the stand wobbly if you are putting heavy books on it . The 3M engineers did not do their usual excellent job with design on this product.The elastic band is basically like a rubberband my daughter uses in her hair , with two plastic attachments to it . For this price a few extras should have been included . I had envisioned my kids using it to hold up textbooks when working on homework and this stand simply can not handle the weight.Overall , it works ok , but for this price it should be much sturdier and be nearly perfect .	-1
This thing is made out of cardboard . The frame is some kind of composite something that broke in transit . It 's held together with metal pieces that do n't go back together it they break.Complete and utter waste .	-1
I am disappointed with the phone and am returning it because : -- sound quality noticeably poor , it is tinny ( to me and folks I call ) -- zero consideration of voicemail . This phone has an answering machine ( if I could buy one that did n't have one , I would ) , but you have the ability to turn it off . On or off , if you do n't use it ( set the rings to 6 or more so that your voicemail kicks in first ) and someone leaves a message on voicemail , the phone has no way of indicating that there is a voicemail message for you to pick up . The user has to pick up the phone and listen for the stutter dial tone to detect whether there is a voicemail . Other phones I 've owned years older have the flexibility to deal with this quite common situation.The phone has good points , it has a solid feel to it , the volume of the speaker phone is good , and the basics , like lit keypads and easy to use menus are there.But , for me , the voice quality ( a key factor ) is lacking and the issue of voicemail notification combine to make the phone not one that I would recommend purchasing .	-1
If you need a label where you do n't want the background to show , then then these lables are for you . Believe it or not , I use these labels for my home brew beer bottles . With a clear label I can make a custom made label on my carefully crafted home brew that makes me look like a brewing professional . No more white background on my beer bottles . No sir - now my beer bottles look professional . Kidding aside I love these clear labels and recommend them to those who wish to hide the background .	1
I was excited about the possiblity of a reusable alternative to my family 's addiction to scotch tape..however , for now it seems we 'll be sticking with the original thing.First off , this is not convenient . I chose to cut to smaller size first , which was a option I liked . But , then it left me with a ton of little pieces of film to peel off both sides . I should 've peeled the big piece and then cut . Those little pieces of backing/fronting film were a pain to clean up , all that static cling ! This whole process took much , much longer than just tearing off a piece of conventional tape.Once my daughters ' artwork was hung up , I was happy with it 's ability ... but , the kicker was the odor of this product , it stinks ! ! It has this very obnoxious off gassing smell ! ( kind of like a SUPER , SUPER , SUPER strong scotch tape smell ) I figured it 'd air out , but it did n't ! I woke up the next morning and as soon as I entered the room I could smell it . So , down it went.I also realized that although it may be reusable , it 's not super easy to store . I peeled all the little squares I had cut off and put them back into the original packaging.When I decided to give this a second shot , when I just needed one square , I found all my little pieces had stuck together in a clump . Oops , should 've been more careful placing them back.Anyway , that one little square I needed was to hang a ribbon on the window . It 's doing the job there ! It works wonderfully on the glass and just one square is n't enough to emmit an odor strong enough to notice on it 's own.Over all , as much as I hoped it would , this product just did n't fit my intended use as a reusable tape . I can see where it might be useful to others , if it 's odor does n't bother you .	-1
I own several Quartet whiteboards of varying sizes , all of which are of far superior quality than this current product . The boarder is a solid light blue plastic that looks and feels cheap . The illustrated picture looked different than my product . The seams are very noticeable and loosely connected . Two magnets are included , mine had a striped rainbow appearance , not silver as illustrated . The magnets and the pastel blue border really gave this product a & # 34 ; kid feel. & # 34 ; The Amazon description calls this a 9x11 inch magnetic whiteboard ( frames may vary ) . My product description on the package advertises Magnetic Dry Erase Board 8.5x11 ( assorted frame colors ) therefore the description appears to be a bit off . Regardless , the true writing area ( minus the frame ) is only about 7 1/2 by 9 1/2.The included 3M stickers are holding solid and I did like that the magnets were labeled & # 34 ; Tape Side & # 34 ; to ensure that you adhere them correctly . It does arrive with one marker . You can also attach the clear plastic tab to hold the marker in whatever location you desire ( side , top or bottom ) as it also attached with a 3M sticker . Upon arrival , you will notice that this clear tab is merely temporarily taped in place.I am certain that when this white board falls to the ground that the frame will snap off due to the flimsy construction.Unless this is priced really inexpensively , I would steer clear .	-1
These wide plastic tabs have a translucent writable surface to jot down a few notes . ( I recommend pencil . Pen works , but being plastic , the ink will remain wet and can come off on the opposite page . ) The concept , is that you might write down notes on a page of interest , or modifications to a recipe . But , in the case of notes , I 'd prefer recylable paper post-it notes , and in the case of a recipe , it is unlikely that the translucent surface will be where you want it . The long , sticky surface is scored and can be torn into smaller pieces for placement about the page which might take care of that issue - but they heavy thickness of the plastic makes them awkward for that . ( The score marks also allow them to be used in books with narrower pages . ) Being wide and sticky , you want to roll them down onto the page to avoid a pinched page that will wrinkle when the book is closed.A big flaw with these is that the blank tab surface is only writable on one side of the tab . This limits their usage to being all on the right ( top ) side of a book or all on the left ( bottom ) so that the writable tab surfaces all face in the same direction.I like the idea of movable book tabs , but find the small tab-only 2 '' x 1.5 '' Avery product generally more useful .	-1
... permitting some automation to overcome the drudgery of addressing cards.I keep a master address list ( using Microsoft Access ) and using the Access & # 34 ; Labels & # 34 ; functions to print directly to these labels.We typically send around 120 cards . If addressing each by hand takes a minute , then this returns more than two hours of time during the press of the holidays.What 's not to like about that ?	1
I was hoping the Pendaflex I.Organize system would pack a little more of a punch , considering the way it 's described . Do n't be fooled , this is not a very high quality `` Project Management System . '' It 's functional if you have a small project you need to get organized , or if you just need to file some documents related to a specific purpose ( i.e . taxes , job ) . If you need it for any more than that , however , you 're going to be out of luck . It 's a rather flimsy binder , and the filing pages are n't much better . As for the so called `` clipboard , '' I 'm sure that if you have kids , you could find a higher quality clipboard somewhere in their toy box . In the end , if you have a few documents , notes , and/or CD 's you need to file away , this will function decent enough , but if you need it for more than that you should probably look elsewhere at higher quality filing systems .	-1
When I initially received the ink tanks in the mail , one of them had a broken latch -- the plastic part that holds the tank in the printer . I contacted the company and received a replacement tank free of charge . Great customer service , so no issues there . Print quality is fine , too -- again , no complaints in that department.Yesterday , I needed to replace one of my color tanks . Every single replacement tank from this company ? The computer chip had come unattached from the tank , rendering them useless for my Canon printer . Poor adhesive ? Poor quality ? Who knows . I just know I had to run to the store and spend money on an OEM tank . I checked some of the other tanks that I have yet to use ... Half of the chips have separated from the tank . Half are okay . Of the 10 original tanks -- including the one with the defective latch -- five are able to be used.This company has not saved me any money , and I highly suggest you order elsewhere if you want non-OEM tanks . I prefer non-OEM , as they are less expensive , but this is the first time I have ordered from this company . I will not do it again .	-1
I got these because they 're billed as & # 34 ; erasable , & # 34 ; and since other reviewers claim they truly are , I 'm baffled . I tried writing on the tabs with a Sharpie , a ballpoint pen and a pencil , and none of them could be erased . If a special writing instrument is needed or a specific tactic to erase , it 's not mentioned in the very sparse verbiage that came with the product . So I went to the Wilson-Jones website and found a forum whereby a buyer asked the same question I have . Here is the Wilson-Jones answer : & # 34 ; To ensure best erasability , write on the tabs with pencil or an erasable ball point pen. & # 34 ; Seriously ? Pencil and & # 34 ; erasable ballpoint pen & # 34 ; are erasable on ordinary paper products ! So what 's the selling point for these & # 34 ; erasable & # 34 ; tabs ? In fact , I could n't even erase pencil from these tabs.If I wanted normal dividers that ca n't be erased , I would have gotten something else , because these are very thin . Some might like the fact that they 're colorful , but I see that as a detriment . Some of the dividers are black or dark brown on one side , with a busy print of very high-contrast shapes on the other , and since the so-called erasable tab is a transparent piece of plastic-type material , how are you supposed to easily read what you 've written on the tab ? The background is either super-dark or see-through . Even if you used a white or yellow ink , you 'd have a tough time reading it on the fancy-print side.So those are the cons . Pros : They 're inexpensive . And the concept is good , if only they were truly erasable . I hope someone can post a comment explaining how these can be erased .	-1
These print very well , did n't jam my printer . Just bend the sheet a little and the edge of the label pops up for easy removal from the sheet . Sticks very well , does n't seem like it would have a problem coming off , in the mail .	1
I ordered a CS6219 and I got an entirely different model ( CS6124 ) . Um , Im not sure why I got the wrong item , but this one will not work with my existing handsets .	-1
I really like these little clips ( they are very little ) and the colors just make them more interesting . At this price , you can not go wrong and the quality is just fine .	1
I make greeting cards and wanted something smaller than an address label to put on the back of my cards - just my name and web address . These are great for that . Also with some of the humid weather we have been having my older Avery labels would smear if I put them on the cards right away . I have n't had that issue with these yet .	1
I did buy this at Best Buy on sale however the current price on line is cheaper now . I absolutely love this printer . It printed 200 very detailed invitations and all the edges where also printed ( no borders of white ) ... printed on white cardstock . I went through 2 colored packs and 1 black and 1 extra cyan color ( navy blue theme ) on the highest quality setting and no borders plus a lot of preview prints before the final invitation creation was decided on . I got some ink on amazon for cheaper then in the stores that I looked at Target Walmart Best Buy . Best Buy is the most expensive for the ink ... Target was close to Amazon pricing but listed at on sale the day I looked . I should mention I used one package of the colored in 127 and one in the 126 ... I do n't know the difference but I saw somewhere it said the 126 has less ink . Which maybe why I ran out of the cyan so fast when I had the 126 cyan in the printer.I also have used this constantly for my Dad to print double-sided for copies of he business papers , tax forms and other forms we need to keep on file . It has only jamed once and that was because I did n't set the printer to the correct setting I had it on paper with only text and it was a paper that had a picture on it ... which did warm me to change the setting but I failed to read it until I tried printing that paper again ! I am now trying to print my return address on the large greeting cards and have yet to find how to put it to that setting . It only lets me do envelopes at a 5.5 to 8.5 when I need it to be 5.75 x 8.5 . I tried printing one at that setting and it does not look good . I will read online to see if I can find a way to do it . Which by the way Epson has these videos that you can watch that let you actually see on your computer which parts to click on for different projects ! I lost my direction book and found the one for doing double sided printing and it was easy as can be ! Easy installation ! You can go on-line and watch how to do that before you actually attempt it if you worry you might screw it up ! I did because I hate fixing my dumb mistakes ! I was glad I did ! I gave it 4 stars because it has been difficult to see how to print those one envelopes and also my Dell Printer which only prints black ink and the colored ink part broke right after warranty ... why I got this one , does copy much better pictures and also is easier to figure out . I do n't like how this Epson works for making picture copies and the pictures just do n't look right . I will keep my Dell for that picture scanning reason ! Keep in mind that I may not have it at a correct setting so do n't let that stop you from buying this printer . Look it up on the Epson site first to see if you can change the settings . I do n't care for right now ! 1 year after purchase ... printer was working great except that I could never get the bottom paper drawer to work for me which meant I had to go replace my top tray of regular paper with the specialty paper I needed on occasion . Now to the `` hate it '' part . I spent $ 100 plus a ton of money on ink on this printer and after the year has gone by with not a lot of use but at least 2 reams of paper used in that year . It jammed and when I went to read the directions on how to pull it out then after following the steps to remove the paper jam it did n't print nice anymore so I read how to fix that and followed the directions for all of those tests to run to fix the issue . Nothing worked and it was past the warranty . My computer person said it would cost half the price of the printer to get it fixed and since it was so big and you could n't even use the bottom part and it did n't print nice pictures I opted to get a new printer.Funny thing is I read every review on amazon and found these complaints within the really great reviews .	-1
I 've used many three ring binders in my life and this is by far the cheapest in quality of any I 've ever used . Being that I am not keen on leaving a single star review for products , always trying to find redeeming qualities , this is one of the rare products that really is not worthy of purchase unless it can be found at a dollar store and you are desperate for a matte white binder . Mine arrived with some dirt inside the rear cover 's clear sheet and I can not for the life of me get it out . Because the material is so thin and flimsy , I will not try any more for fear of tearing it . The corners of the binder are each already bent and the cardboard structure is clearly less sturdy than any of the other binders I currently have in my home or office . The 1 1/2 inches of this binder will hold more papers than I would trust to be protected by this binder . With a basic round three ring hardware attached to the rear of the cover , I expect that a full binder would fall apart very quickly . I can not with a clear conscience recommend this binder .	-1
These are general use return address/locate labels . 1 inch by 2.625 . I checked MS word and MS works and Avery provided the Avery template numbers , so they worked well with all my applications without the need for me to download the templates from the the Avery website . And , of course , Avery was the industry leader in labels from the beginning , so you can not loose buying these .	1
Avery Clean- Edge Business Cards are designed to produce professional- looking business cards directly from your home office printer . I wear several different hats throughout the week and I have separate business cards for my many different occupations . Some of my business cards are ordered online , but others , I design and print myself . Avery Clean- Edge Business cards have proven to be a good business card for this purpose.So , what are the advantages with Avery Clean Edge Business Cards ? The quality I noticed first was the easy separation of the cards after printing . You bend the cards and they snap apart with ease . It is amazing how they hold themselves together so well during handling and printing , yet they snap apart so easily . I also like that the ink dries quickly and does n't smear . And , of course , it is nice to have a product like this handy when you need business cards quickly and do n't have the time to wait for an order to arrive in the mail.On the negative side , these business cards are quite thin . Other consumers have noticed and stated the same thing , and it is very true . They are more like a piece of heavyweight paper than a card , and this is something to consider if you contemplate making a purchase . Also , I have found that the printing works best if I feed one sheet at a time through my printer . If I place two or more sheets in the feeder and print , there is a good chance the print one the second , third , etc. , sheets will gradually slide down . This does n't happen if the sheets are fed individually and , in fact , this is exactly what Avery recommends . Some printers may work fine with multiple sheets fed at once , but to play it safe , feed only one at a time.Business cards are a necessity and Avery Clean- Edge Business Cards are a good product to have on hand when you want to make business cards or some other item . The cost per card works out to about eleven or twelve cents each , which is n't necessarily cheap , but the cards offer the convenience of in- home printing and thus the price is n't too bad . Add to that the clean breaking action and the lack of any smearing and you have a good business card for general use .	1
If you use Google Voice , it serves the purpose , but I do n't like to depend on free services being around forever . BTDT too many times . It says that you can use it with other free services , but I tried hard to get it to work with my paid Skype subscription and it was either too complicated a process for me or it just do n't do it . I searched the internet for a solution but did n't find it there either . I sent it back and ordered Ooma . Now there is a product that I can live with . I opted for Ooma 's premier service which adds all the bells and whistles for $ 10 a month and am very satisfied . Plus up and running in 10 minutes .	-1
I got this printer at a decent price . it 's definitely not worth what this seller is asking for it . I give this printer a full star because the scanner works nicely . However , it gets no stars for printing . It gets a paper jam every 2 - 3 pages . Really annoying . You have to stop what you 're doing , go open up the printer , pull out the offending piece of paper , and then hit the okay button . It starts to print & then 2 pages later you 're back in there doing the same exact thing . Completely frustrating . I 've put up with it for a year , but will be buying myself a new printer this coming month because I ca n't take it anymore .	-1
This tape is definitely useful in a lot of ways . Picture hanging ( if it is n't too heavy or fragile ) , securing items to shelves so they do n't get broken , I also used some to keep a shoe holder on my closet shelf from sliding . There are so many ways this can be used , the limit is your imagination . Keep in mind , though , that this is n't like Command strips ... you can ( and probably will ) lose some paint or do damage on finished surfaces when you go to remove it . As long as you 're not worried about it being permanent , I highly recommend it .	1
I really liked these dividers because the ones that are made of reinforced paper always seem to rip over time . I like the pockets even though I do n't use them that often but they are a nice bonus .	1
Upon first starting the unit I decided to laminate a couple of Obituaries . The first one came out a little wavy ; however , after reading the manual it was suggested that if the article was smaller than the pouch that I use the carrier . There was NO carrier provided in the box . The second obituary almost jammed in the laminator . Fortunately I was able to guide it throughj . The instructions were very vague . I have owned other Fellows office appliances in the past and was not impressed with performance . I will contact the compant to see if they have a carrier to use with it or perhaps once is provided when you buyt a full pack of the laminates .	-1
This has got to be the worst printer I 've ever owned . I use multiple mifi cards at my location for internet due to lack of DSL in our area , which means that you must install the printer on EACH mifi connection . Unfortunately , since it is not a static connection , the IP address frequently changes and then the printer must be reinstalled to that particular IP address . Which means that EVERY single time you want to print something , the printer must be REINSTALLED.On top of that , no matter how many times we reconfigure or realign the printer , it does NOT print straight . the margins at the top will be .50 indented and the bottom will be .75 , so the images are skewed , the text is skewed . We 've recalibrated , run the various maintenance options , etc . From the get go this printer has been nothing short of a nightmare.It goes through ink like a sponge absorbs water and the heads frequently need cleaning to prevent massive smudging . Photos printed on photo paper have a tendency to smear before they can dry & can only be printed up to 5x7 size due to the alignment issues.The only good thing about it is the FAX , which is why I have n't thrown it out the door yet .	-1
These index cards are very thin . I use them for flash cards , with a Sharpie on one side and pen on the other . The bleed-through is pretty terrible . It 's so hard to tell from a package which cards will be thick enough ; these are n't ! They still work for their purpose , but I really wish that I had thicker index cards to work with .	-1
A lot of people ( myself included ) complain about how expensive Avery labels are as compared to the competition . However , what you do n't hear enough of is praise for their performance . So , I 'll just say it : Avery labels perform better than the compettion . They adhere better , they 're thicker , they block out what is underneath better , and they do n't peel of the backing and ruin your expensive office printer . Quite simply , for laser or injet labels , Avery is the clear winner in quality and performance . You get what you pay for .	1
Avery was n't kidding when they named these business cards Clean Edge . They really break off with clean edges and it 's so easy , too . The quality of the paper is superb and I printed with an ordinary inkjet printer and there were no smears or streaks . The sheet will tell you how to load in the paper and how to break off the cards . They also include instructions on how to download free software from Avery and the website also has a lot of templates for business cards and other projects . Avery is really awesome for business and creative needs !	1
I bought this paper after purchasing an Epson Aritsan 730 printer , only to see it not show very good print quality on generic printer paper . I had tested the Epson Photo paper , and found it to be superior in quality to the HP premium paper that I had used for Photos , so I figured perhaps I needed to go with better paper for my basic printing as well . Made a huge difference . Text looks wonderful on it . Paper is a nice thickness and does n't feel as flimsy as most generic papers . It should ... afterall , it 's roughly double the price of bargain paper . But when you 're looking to print something and have it look nice , better to go with good quality paper	1
I 've run my own business for years and tried my fair share of printer labels . I 've tried many styles and brands and Avery brand labels continue to be my favorites . Avery seems to have done everything right with their new Easy Peel labels . The paper is just the right thickness - blocks out any print underneath without creating a raised edge that gets caught easily . The glue does n't lose adhesion over time . The paper is bright white with a smooth finish and the edges are cut smooth and clean . Perfect ! Plus the new Easy Peel feature makes peeling off a label nearly effortless . The page is creased under the edge of the label sticker . Just bend the page and the edge of the label pops up for easy grabbing . Ingenious design ! Number two runner up is 3M brand . Their paper has a slightly rougher face , but their glue is just as strong . No Easy Peel technology with 3M labels however.I 've learned to stay away from Staples brand labels and the other generic brands . The glue is worthless and the paper is too thin to cover over any old print.So if you 're looking for a great printer label and do n't mind spending a little more for quality , Avery brand Easy Peel labels are the way to go . I 've tried 5 different Avery Easy Peel styles and all are top notch .	1
I have bought the cheaper cartridges from various makers and found the ink in them to be very inferior compared to Canon ink . The cheaper cartridges seem to run out of ink faster and I mainly buy the black or letters with the cheaper cartridges .	1
These labels would be AWESOME if the template worked properly . They did not smudge and they stick well . HOWEVER , the template prints off-center so that the text is not centered and the background color does n't fill the whole circle . It looks so unprofessional that I threw away the ones I printed . I 'll keep them in case I have time one day to fiddle with the template to make it correct , or have a use for them that does n't have to look professional , but otherwise it 's pretty disappointing . I printed them with the label paper facing both ways ( top in and bottom in ) and both times it printed incorrectly . I do n't know what others are doing differently , because it gets good reviews .	-1
Scotch continues their tradition of top quality products withScotch Gift Wrap Tape , 3/4 inch , 3 rolls . With its semigloss ( or satin as they call it ) finish , the tape looks very nice on gifts and it 's hardly noticeable . While it might not actually disappear on the paper , I doubt many people pay much attention to the tape when they 're busy tearing open gifts . The tape adheres well and does everything you could rationally ask of it . However , my one problem is the amount of tape on the dispenser , which is rather measly in comparison to a regular roll of Scotch tape . I 'd rather get more tape , even if it means paying more , so that there is a reasonable amount on the roll , and there would be far less waste . Altogether , the tape is nice and the price seems fair .	1
Scotch `` Magic '' tape has long been a staple in our kitchen `` junk drawer '' and we 're addicted to it for wrapping gifts , sticking up notes , etc . This new gift wrap version seems to hold even better than our old standby and pretty much disappears on any matte finish gift wrap . However , it will definitely show up if you 're using foil paper or any other paper that 's shiny .	1
We use Scotch Gift wrap tape for all our wrapping of presents . It is a superior product in every way .	1
only .5 '' high not 1 '' fabric is not durable , wears through and hard to keep cleanother than obvious lack of function due to height , no leaks , does not stiffen up over timeInnovera is a better brand	-1
I liked the heavy duty early AT & T ; Touch-Tone phones ( circa 1975-1985 ) as they had a solid feel to them , their ringers were loud enough and did n't sound like a robot . Unfortunately , `` they do n't make 'em like they used to '' and for many of you , that 's OK.For me , I still like a phone I can hold on my neck . I like this one as it has a volume dial . It still sounds a bit like I 'm down in a hole , `` tinny '' I guess , but it 's better than some of the others that I 've tried.The base is really light weight , so if it 's not hung on a wall ( which you can do with this one ) it will probably pull off the table if you stretch the phone and it 's cored too far from it 's base.It has a lighted key pad , sort of ( the light is really faint ) .So , it works , has some options that are OK , and if you want one like they used to make , this is OK , but not perfect .	1
I read the reviews and they were excellent . However , this tape will not tear on my tape dispenser . All others do . I like the clearness but still find them unusable . Find another product .	-1
This tape is strong and clear and does n't curl up . That I like . But it is very hard to use in a dispenser gun because it is difficult to tear on the blade one-handed . Instead of tearing it just pulls out more and more tape until I have a piece much longer than I need and I have to tear it manually . So pros and cons.Update a few days later : worst tape I 've ever used ! Yes , it is strong and clear but it REFUSES to be cut in the tape gun . Maybe it is TOO strong ! I have to manually cut it every time . I wo n't buy this stuff.Further update after using it numerous times : I ca n't believe all the great reviews ! Worst packing tape I 've ever used , and I 've used TONS over many years . I will probably end up throwing them away and not even use them up due to the troublesome nature of this tape .	-1
It does n't say it is anything like the Power Ease ; I assumed it would be something like it ; if it were not a hassle ; would send this wimpy stapler back . Do n't get it and get the Power Ease .	-1
These are a replacement product for the 5167 labels many of us have used succesfully for years . I ca n't honestly say I ever found peeling labels from a backing sheet to be particularly challenging so , as far I 'm concerned , the Easy Peel designation is a marketing gimmick . They work just fine in myBrother HL2270DW laser printer , once I learned to orient the top of the sheet to the front of the paper tray in this printer . That 's a change from all the HP printers I 've used in the past and had me thinking the formatting was off in Avery 's Design Pro software . Once I figured it out , the labels and the software are just what I needed .	1
I am a nice reviewer . As I 've grown accustomed to Amazon 's reviews and descriptions , it 's really rare for me to buy something ( or select something ) that I do n't already know I will really enjoy.It 's going to take a lot for me to say something deserves only one star.This deserves zero stars.There are several reasons . One is that it immeadiately demanded a credit card number before I tried out the product . Even if I just want to look at the software , see how it handles mail merges or label printing or whatever , I have to give it a credit card or it just plain does n't work at all . The CD came with a `` promo code '' that did not work when I entered it in . Not that it mattered , because this offer appears to be the default , code or not.It 's pretty hard to use this unless you know exactly how much your product weighs . That 's how it works with postage most of the time , of course . The scale requires you to pay and wait , it 's only 5 pounds , and I just do n't think it makes sense to eat up some of my trial period waiting for a scale I need . This 'starter kit ' really should have included that . I would have been willing to pay ten bucks for the kit with the scale . Of course , they are claiming the scale is free instead of simply charging you upfront.The free postage rebate is far outweighed in fees . You get ten dollars back , but you have to follow a very silly postcard per month process while paying $ 18 . I hate these sorts of slow rebates with needless hassle and paperwork . by the time you get $ 40 , you have spent $ 72 on fees . WORSE , you have spent 5 months at least . And you spent more if you got the scale you really must get to make good use of this.So really , you 're paying $ 8 a month for the first few months , for a product that is n't much better than the USPS shipping label printer . And that 's if you manage the hassle of the 'free ' postage postcards for four months . All in all , the claim `` includes $ 45 in postage '' is simply a lie . It comes with $ 5 postage . That 's all . To get more , you have to pay them more than you get back.I do n't mind paying for this product . A system that manages my postage would be a big help . I sell things online and could use it . Just be straight with me . Do n't make me jump through hoops . If they had discounted the fee for the first few months , instead of this stupid plan , included a scale in the kit , this would have saved Avery customers needless hassle.The software is up to the task , the labels are very good ( I like the 3 in one labels which print your postage , return address , and 'to ' address ) , but it 's nothing amazing , and the value of the product is actually negative . It 's a great concept , but every single step is a surprise that feels like I just lost the gimmick lottery.It was much easier , even after I installed this sucker and dug through my wallet for my Visa card , to just drive on down to the post office and let Patty determine my shipping charges .	-1
I find the Avery labels the easiest to use . Every software package I 've ever attempted has the Avery Label templates already built in , and the labels peel off easily , and stay stuck to the envelope during mailing.I like to use the Return Address size labels for many different uses : pricing items for a garage sale , file folders ( yes , they make file folder labels , but I 'm frugal ) , labeling books and DVDs , and I also would use them if sending bottles/baby items to a daycare facility.I am a very frugal shopper , but when it comes to labels I feel Avery 's quality justifies the price . I would recommend Avery brand labels to anyone !	1
The first printer I received had a paper feed problem ( not in the auto feeder , from the paper tray ) . The second replacement printer HP sent will not print color for some reason and I 've tried everything . This printer is extremely low end , hence the low price . It 's operation and materials are of low quality . So far I 've invested three hours attending to HP 's problems with their defective printer . In order to get a replacement , you have to walk through their phone instructions . You then have to repackage their printer for return and drop it off to a FedEx location . I will never buy another HP low end printer as long as I live and certainly only from a distributor that excepts returns . Buying this was a huge mistake . **Update** it prints a simple pdf page with simple black text at 2 minutes per page . Beware , this printer should be free to consumers because of what HP makes on its cartridges .	-1
These are just that I needed . I love the convenience of just pushing a button at work and having supplies like these delivered before I would have had time to go get them .	1
This is a nice concept . The idea of having a sticky note with both top and bottom adhesion sounds like a wonderful idea . In reality though , these really do not work all that well . After a few minutes most of the sticky notes start curling up , usually from the top.It is a good idea , but the product needs to go back to the drawing board . On a positive note , the paper itself is a good quality , as is used in other Avery sticky notes .	-1
Very thin and flimsy plastic . Dropped them . Several cracked and the lead in the others broke into pieces . What a waste .	-1
It seems that the people from Avery have gone out of their way to make it impossible for you to dislike this product.The product itself is not very new or noteworthy in its basic form . These sorts of cards are very useful for a variety of reasons . The most ingenious use I have seen of this sort of card was from a soccer mom , who gave them to all the other children on the team at the end of the season . On the card , it had her daughter 's name , their phone number , and a message that went a little like this : `` Bonnie would love to play with you in the near future '' . A flat magnet was glued to the back , for fridge use.This is just one possible use for these , and I feel that everyone has the need for these cards at some time or another : I.C.E . card for wallet , business card , mini-invite , RSVP card , you name it ... So why THIS card ? Here is the breakdown.First , the perf'ed edges have come a long way , baby . I can remember that back in the day , you might feel sheepish about handing someone an obviously perf-torn edged card . Now , these cards are n't going to have a sharp edge , like a professionally made card , they will have a soft edge . But , I think the recipient is much more likely to critique your card design than the card construction . Hats off to Avery for getting this down , its really quite good.Second , there are no less than FOUR count 'm FOUR ways to print these cards . You can do it through [ ... ] without any download , for example , which is the most impressive . Running lindows ? Red Hat ? Well , if the browser you are using is n't completely whack , there is a fair chance you are going to be able to print these cards . And if you ca n't , well , its not Avery 's fault . But the vast majority of us who are running IE and Windows will be happy that they do n't have to install/configure Word to get the job done . Then you have the MS Word , option , which is ok but Word is n't free . Then there is another Word option , and finally Avery DesignPro . Which I did n't use , but I suspect its free , although it requires you to install software ( PC/Mac ) .Third , these cards can be printed on both sides . Hey , its only 2 x 3.5 '' of real estate so both sides count . For me , its useful to have my business card printed in English on one side , and a foreign language on the other . I doubt thats going to be true for many people , but its a tribute to the flexibility this allows.Overall , I love this because you can print as FEW cards as you need of each kind . If you really needed 80+ card that were all the same , you might want to try some of the online vendors . But , at the time of this writing , these cards are a measly .11 ea ( before the cost of your ink ) and at that rate , I think you simply ca n't go wrong .	1
I 've had the mat for a couple of weeks and I 'm very impressed . I see no indication the mat will dimple where the chair rollers rest on the mat . It has a very solid surface . The cheap mats from Staples only last about a year and then start to crack . The only complaint is that every two days I have to adjust its position because it shifts away from the desk ( about an inch per day ) .UPDATE : I got fed up with the mat shifting every day so I put two eye screws in my desk ( on either side of the footwell ) and drilled two holes in the front of the mat and secured the mat with zip ties . Seems to work pretty good , but the product should have been made to prevent shifting.UPDATE 2 : After 1.5 years it is starting to crack in several places . Downgraded from 4 stars to 2 stars . Maybe 1.5 years is n't bad compared to others , but for the price it should last forever .	-1
I 've always used hand sharpeners so wanted to try an electric one . You put the pencil in the hole in the top of the sharpener and then push down lightly while keeping the pencil from moving . I used this to sharpen 3 new pencils and a pencil that the tip was broken off of . This sharpener is supposed to automatically turn off when the tip is sharpened . I 'm not sure how it decided that . All 3 of the new pencils stopped sharpening when the graphite was n't even showing yet . I had to apply more pressure to get it to start again and had to do this about 3 more times to finally get the graphite exposed . None of them were sharpened evenly . There was more graphite showing on one side and little on another but I could n't get it to sharpen anymore so had to use the hand sharpener . The pencil with the tip broken off sharpened with less attempts than the new ones but stopped short of having a pointed tip . I had to finish that one with the manual sharpener as well . Does n't make any sense to have if you have to use the manual one to finish the job . There is a ring at the top of the device that you turn to open and shake out the shavings . There were a lot of shavings stuck to the blades that have to be removed with a cloth . It is hard to get all the shavings off due to the positioning of the blades in the device . All in all , the manual sharpener I have works much better and is much easier to clean .	-1
Not good looking . The frosted window in the front cover does n't lay flat on the inserted printed page , so a lot of it ca n't be read . It is solid flexible plastic with the hinges scored , so It is reluctant to lay open flat , and does n't stay closed well either , and I do n't know how long those hinges will last.They welded the pocket on the inside of the front cover to back up the window which makes it heavier . They included one insert/divider page.with half height pockets on both sides.The rings are round , the latches not too hard to operate.I do n't see why this is worth the cost ... I added an inside pic .	-1
I had gotten my first TI calculator in 6th or 7th grade . My TI-83+ has survived about 10 years of being dropped , thrown in frustration , left in hot/cold cars , etc . I bought this calculator for a finance class so that I could enter the calculations I need as they are taught in class rather than figuring it out on my graphing calculator . The first thing I noticed are the keys are n't nearly as good and are kind of annoying to press . The case is n't very solid at all , I get the feeling if I were to drop it that would be the end of this calculator . As for actual calculation it has been fine so far , but you need to change decimal settings . Out of box it rounds to 2 places , which is inadequate . I recommend setting it to 5 .	1
I used to work for a large telephone company including time spent in a `` Central Office '' or `` CO '' . The CO is the place where your telephone lines go after leaving your house and where the telephone company has all of its equipment . I also did field telecommunications in the Army.In a natural disaster , cell phone towers have a very limited amount of battery backup . That means your cell phone will not work about 5 - 8 hours after an earthquake . That 's what happened to all of us after the '89 Loma Prieta earthquake.However , for landlines , the telephone company maintains a very extensive system of battery backup power in the Central Office so your landline phone will continue to work even after an emergency or after losing power ( yes , your corded phone uses some electricity to work , but that electricity is produced by the phone company ) . In fact , after the regular battery backup power is exhausted in the CO , the phone company has the capability to drop generator trucks to run the equipment and keep your corded phone working indefinitely.There also are other technical reasons that you want a landline in a natural disaster instead of a cell phone , but basically the equipment running your landline can handle many more calls when everyone picks up the phone at the same time to call `` 911 '' and their aunt Mildred.So , bottom line , keep your landline phone line and one of these very inexpensive AT & T ; 210 CORDED phones on hand , if only for emergencies or when the power goes out and you ca n't use your cordless phone or cell phone . By the way , the voice quality of my two AT & T ; 210 's are excellent .	1
I was looking for a relatively inexpensive trimmer for our office and this unit has been great . Nicely made , decent weight and a very sharp blade . Perhaps most importantly , the mechanism operates clean and tight and appears to be built to stay that way for a long time .	1
The 210XL gives you 66 % more ink ( 15ml vs 9ml ) . It also does n't cost much more . The only reason the regular 210 cartridge exists is so they can give you less than a full tank of ink when you buy the printer . Do n't fall for it , buy the bigger 210XL .	-1
This is a strong tape and there is a lot of it for the price . It is a very useful tape to have in your toolbox .	1
Other than lousy photo printing , this printer has a real problem maintaining a wi-fi connection ; have done all the usual updated drivers , etc . It works then it does not work . Sometimes within minutes of working , it puts on Paused . Then I have to restart the printer which drains a bunch of ink as it cycles.Scanning works pretty well though . Probably all would be good tethered by USB ... but paid quite a bit for this functionality.Very disappointing .	-1
