Cool idea but not very practical . The knife is OK , but the compass is garbage and the bottle opener is useless .	-1
We bought this seat for our stationary bike thinking it would be large and supportive . It turns out that it 's actually smaller and less comfortable than the one that came with the bike to begin with . At least a normal seat gives you some forward and aft support , unlike this seat which is like sitting on a rail .	-1
I use this for camping . Cast iron ca n't be beat for durability . Just follow directions for the care of it and you 'll never have a problem .	1
This is a great air mattress ! Used it for a few days camping and it was perfect if you are traveling light . Construction of this air mattress is very thick and seems like it will last for a long time .	1
The description was n't super clear as to whether or not this was the version with the case . I rolled the dice because I thought I had the right model number . Yup ! Came with the case ! Now both my boys have Mike Matheny 's autograph sealed in the case and on the trophy shelf !	1
What you see is what you get . The only issue is that the paint seems to rub off easily , but I 'm not too worried about it . I did n't buy these because I thought they looked pretty . Cap is a good brand and this barbell weighed what it was supposed to weigh .	1
I 've used chain cleaners before , so I was very disappointed when it broke during its first use . It does thoroughly clean the chain , but the clips that hold the lid in place are 'WAY too tight . If you buy one , you may want to relax the wire clips before use . I will replace it with Nashbar 's chain cleaner. [ ... ]	-1
Upon first shot the whiskers flew out of the biscuit . Also the plastic is flimsier than expected . It 's not the sellers fault , it 's the manufacturer ...	-1
Save your money for a something better , which would be just about anything . I purchased a pair of these 11 months ago and have less than 500 miles on them . They are now in the trash because the tread has separated from the carcass .	-1
This is the worst sipper I have found the Guy00t is 100 % better . This one develops a smell after a while and you really can not drink from it with spilling it .Just a bad product design	-1
I had such high hopes that this time I 'd find the right size but this mouthguard is a disaster . not only is it huge , even though I am an adult and ordered the junior size , but it 's so hard it made me gag really bad , made my gums bleed , and gave me a nasty jaw pain I never experienced before . yet another total waste of money , I 'd have happily shipped it back if it would n't involve additional international shipping cost . what a waste !	-1
This is a knock off and not correct . This one has only 1 clip and the other end is a loop . , I qualified in basic with the M- ! Garand and I should know . The one I bought from CMP has clips on both ends	-1
The Victorinox Spartan is today 's original Swiss officer 's knife , a reliable , lightweight and versatile everyday-carry tool . This model benefits from elegant hardwood scales that make it particularly attractive and a joy to use , since the wooden surfaces provide extra grip for delicate manoeuvres , like opening a bottle of your favourite swill . This is a high-quality knife that you may depend upon , and it is beautiful , too -- you will not regret the purchase .	1
I have heard a lot about this soap , and finally I broke down and got a bottle of the peppermint . It is amazing stuff . **Completely organic**Smells amazing , but strong even when diluted . It goes away pretty quickly though . **Fantastic for sensitive skin . I used to be able to use whatever I wanted , but thanks to immune system problems , I had to switch to completely natural/organic body and household products . Especially with how hot this summer has been , the peppermint makes for a totally refreshing shower or quick hand/face cooling wash.**Safe for color treated hair since it does n't have any sulfates which is what fades color . You do need to use conditioner though if you use this for shampoo . **Great for pets too . I checked with a couple of vets and all three agreed this was a very safe wash , especially since it contains no funky chemicals . And yes , whatever scent used fades pretty quickly , though a minty or lavender scented dog is much preferable to one that just rolled in a dead rabbit . Trust me on this one ... .**It is super concentrated . Since it can be diluted one part soap to 40 parts water , a bottle can last months . For heavier , dirtier jobs , I add a bit more soap . Best part ? No filmy residue that makes me have to go back and rinse mop the floor several times . A really welcome change for me from most commercial and some natural products . **Works well in my HE washing machine since it 's low sudsing . **I have n't used it for some of the other uses like tooth brushing , but I imagine it would work well for that , too.Yep , I am pretty pleased with this soap . It 's hard to find a product nowadays that really does live up to it 's promises . It may not work for everyone , but I really recommend getting the smallest bottle just to try it out . One of it 's 18 uses is bound to work for you .	1
I have a snake for my 12ga that has the borebrush embedded into the cloth . This is a 2 piece snake which has a borebrush on a rope and the cleaning cloth on a rope . Does it work , yes . Is it as fast or convenient as others I am used to , no .	-1
Little hotties promised 8 hours of heat and gave me 10 . HotHands promised up to 8 hours of heat and gave me 3 . I have found that these things deteriorate over time , and I might have got an old box . I wo n't take the chance again , though , they are just too expensive ... I will go back to my favorites .	-1
This is a nice assortment of workout bands -- the first I 've purchased or used . They connect to the handles quite easily and I love the bag that stores everything nicely . The single most important item in the kit is the paper that tells you what strength the bands are ! It would have been nice if they included a laminated card with this information , but it 's really no big deal . I am at a lower strength band am anticipating working my way up to the stronger ones eventually . NOTE : I have not used the ankle strap or the door anchor , just the handles .	1
well made product - just what I needed to make me feel secure with my purchases . first time gun owner .	1
I needed an everyday digital watch that I can wear to classes and gym . This one does the job very well at its kind price ( can find at a cheaper price online ) and looks good as well . It stays very comfortable on my wrist due to its thin and small face . I have a relatively thin wrist ( Sz 6.5 ) so it looks proportional . I can see how this one can look a little small if you have a thick wrist but worth a try anyway . It even looked a little small on my wrist at first but I became to like the look of it as time passed.I also just switched battery on mine since the lcd looked a little weak . It 's extremely easy to change the battery too . Just unscrew the 4 bolts on the back , take out the watch inside ( it 's one piece ) , open it by opening four corners , swap the battery , then put it back together . Even if you have no experience with battery changing on a watch , you will figure out easily.Overall , I 'm very satisfied.The only con if I have to pick one - the light could be a little brighter . But no problem reading the time .	1
Seemed fine at first , then adjestments seemed not to stick so well , then could n't even get into low gear , and realized screws affect no change . Must be internal components broken . Did n't realize it till 1 day late for return but Amazon honored the refund .	-1
Excellent knife ; sheath is above average . Blade arrived very sharp . Used it last night to split whole chickens in half for the BBQ grill . Sliced right thru them like warm butter . Great product , Great price . Thanks !	1
I 've had one of these now for 18 years . Used this in backpacking in west texas . Great for night light .	1
great knife , i love it , returned a kabar because of the weak blade design and sheath problem , this knife fits all my criteria and will work good.Update : had the knife for a little while and reduced the rating down to 2 stars , i sharpen it and with very little easy use its dull again . The use is light - but it still doesnt retain its edge well . Outsourced metal from overseas - could mean they screwed up a batch or something . I love my kershaw china blades so - I dont know whats up with this knife and its crappy steel . It does take an edge easy , which I love , it just wont hold it as well as my others - kershaw , becker , kabar , gerber . Get another and dont be swooned by the cryo teatment , sure didnt help on the knife i have .	-1
I understand some of these watches come with screws for removing links . This one did not it came with only small brads and the brads themselves do not secure the band and keep it from falling off of your wrist . I would not recomend any watch that has a band that the links are secured by links .	-1
Great product at a very good price . The store had these same arrows at almost twice as much . Highly recommended .	1
I am not sure what I was expecting , but what I recieved was 10 pieces of cotton . I would have been better served to buy a large bag of cotton balls for half the price	-1
I guess goggles is one of those things that either works for you or it does n't . Most of Speedo 's goggles have great reviews so I was n't sure which ones would work for me . Ordered the oversized Baja model which was n't up to the mark for me because it hurt after wearing it for some time . Replaced them with these Hydrospex goggles and these are PERFECT ! Very comfortable to wear , keep the water out completely , do not get foggy ( I ordered the black ones ) , and do not hurt at all .	1
will be getting more of them . fits my 5 year old little girl perfect and loves them . i would highly recommend for kids .	1
This must be more ideal for a handgun . The locking bar did not fit behind the trigger on my AR-15 , Remington 12 gauge , nor my Reuger .22 . The instructions state that the bar does not have to go behind the trigger , however , when I tried that , I could still manage to pull the whole thing and activate the trigger on the AR and shotgun . The .22 was the only gun I had that this would absolutely stop the trigger from being moved . I should have returned it , but I was lazy .	-1
Bought 2x 25 pound and am satisfied with my purchase . I think I will be buying 30 or 35 next .	1
When I bought this duffle , I was trying to decide between this bag , and a larger , slightly pricier Mares gear bag . I wish I would have spent $ 10 more on the Mares bag.This bag is barely large enough to hold one set of scuba gear ( large BCD , X-large fins ) , with hardly any room left for a towel.3-4 weeks after I got it , the stitching at one end of the zipper broke and I slid the zipper right off the tracks . I had to reseat the zipper and then sew the end down so it would n't come off again.There is a shoulder strap on this bag . The sewn sections on the end of the bag that the strap clips to are not holding up to the weight of my gear , and I can already see the stitching starting to tear away from the bag.The reason I did n't give this bag a 1 star , and almost gave it a 3 star , is that for the price I was n't expecting too much . But if I had to do it over , I would get a different bag .	-1
This the best on the market and with lanolin not oil and one tub did 8 gloves and softened in a day new gloves and did a nice restore on an old one .	1
Good price , reliable product . Great gift in christmas . This rod work perfectly and is very easy to install and use .	1
I swim at the local gym 1-2 times a week . Found this pair of googles with great reviews and a decent price so I pulled the trigger . I have been wearing these goggles for over 6-months now and am very happy with them . The goggles are comfortable around the eyes and the strap stays on in a secure and comfy fashion . I bought my gf a pair as well and she uses them several times a week with no complaints . If you are looking for a comfy pair of goggles to use for recreational swimming that come with a decent price tag then you should look no further !	1
reeds like to stick very easy with this call . was n't impressed at all . seems to be out of tune and no way to adjust it .	-1
These are very useful and are just as pictured in their add . I have used them and they are really user friendly .	1
This is a wonderful ball . I know because we bought the first one over a year ago for my son 's birthday . We bought one similar maybe the exact one before but he did n't write his name on it and it never came back home after a practice . It has a nice `` sticky '' grip , feels secure when grasp , and for preparing to shoot . It holds air well and does n't need to be re-inflated except maybe check it at the start of the season . Has a nice vibrant feel to the bounce and is all that you 'd expect in a quality ball . I highly recommend it to all . It even arrives inflated for immediate play .	1
This Horseshoe set is heavy duty . After getting the stakes pounded into the ground my cousin and I played horseshoes for hours . I live in the desert so the shoes took quite a lot of abuse , hitting rocks on the ground , and they did n't miss a beat . This set is great .	1
I got this because of the price . I saw there were a lot of negative reviews , but I took a chance anyhow . It worked fine for me on a 4-day motorcycle camping trip . I did n't lose any air over the night that I could notice . Sure , it 's basically just a pool float ... but you get what you pay for . It definitely beat sleeping on the ground .	1
These are massive.. i mean massive ! ! bought them for my brothers road bike since his did not come with any hazards . i compared these to mine and they are almost double the size of all my hazards , they are going to just sit and attract dust now ... maybe i can give them away , i would not buy these unless you 're putting them on KIDS BIKES .	-1
a cute little pocket knife.had one before lost it didnt even get a chance to use it , in red color.so i got me another one in white this time , looks cool and cute put it on my keychain that i hook onto my chain on my wallet so i wont lose it .i hope i get a chance to use it this time .will come in handy when i need it .	1
I chose the Trijicon sights because they were crystal clear , compared to the Meprolight , that were somewhat & # 34 ; fuzzy & # 34 ; . The night visibility was fine .	-1
This rack works great , except that the eyelet connectors are bigger than other racks . This covers the second set of eyelets on the frame so I ca n't put fenders on . Might work on your bike , might not . Wo n't work if your bike is a Redline Conquest Classic .	-1
I have had three of these and I have one left . One had the straw crack . The other two failed where the bite valve attaches to the lid there are two small plastic pins . The one of the pins sheered off on two of my bottles . I got them free through work but would not pay for these .	-1
if you want a good fiber optic sight go look at Williams gun sights there the best ive found for the cost	-1
I do n't understand all the glowing reviews . This is one of the worst mats I 've ever used for hot yoga . It 's incredibly slippery when it gets wet , so I see no advantage to using it over any other mat . If you use it for a regular class , you should be fine . Again , nothing special .	-1
It 's a must have when owning a car roof rack . When you mount your $ 2000+ bike on your roof and after spending $ 300+ on the roof rack alone . The last thing you need is someone stealing all of it , These locks just make it `` that '' much more difficult for a theif	1
This pump has a very minimal design that mounts snuggly to a mens bike . I used zip ties instead of the included velcro strips to secure it.It did n't end up fitting my Schwinn mountain bike tires even after the bike shop mechanic showed me the & # 34 ; secret & # 34 ; reversible nib hidden inside the pump nozzle . Could n't find a work-around online for that .	-1
Do n't recommend unless you have a small head . It is much smaller than average . Very tight even for a 4 year-old . Returned .	-1
From this product 's packaging : & # 34 ; *WARNING* This product contains lead , a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm. & # 34 ; Now then . I have no problem with this information , IF the information is included in the description of the product on Amazon.com.The fact is , this information is NOT included in the description of the product on Amazon.com.The packaging states , & # 34 ; Made in the U.S.A. & # 34 ; and & # 34 ; The Very Best in Quality Gun Care Tools & # 34 ; . This is marketing gimmickry to overshadow the product 's toxicity.There is no rule of chemistry or physics such that a set of brass pin punches such as this one MUST include lead . The inclusion of lead in the product is entirely by choice of the manufacturer . Period.Had I known the product included lead , I would not have purchased it . Period.Sure , when I use tools such as these , I generally wear gloves.But the fact is , I do not want any more lead or other seriously toxic materials in my life than absolutely necessary and it is NOT necessary that this set of brass pin punches include lead and thus require the warning.My recommendation ? Do not purchase this product.If you are unaware of the problems with lead exposure , I suggest you find out . Your health is at stake .	-1
This Frisbee ring really does fly , you need to warn people about it because if it is thrown at the right angle and speed you may never see it again : )	1
Overall , good ball for the price . Looks and feels great straight from the box . Nice tacky surface that is great for grip . Does what you would expect from a new basket ball . This ball is marked for indoor/outdoor play . But the tacky surface feels artificial and wo n't last long outdoors . It will lose the grippiness after picking up too much dirt and dust and the it will feel worn out . Keep it clean , play indoors and the ball should last a while .	1
Everything a beginner to resistance bands needs , has different strengths of bands handles , door uses . I just strapped the ankle strap around the support pole in my basement and it worked fine . Love them	1
I like to put VERY sharp edges on my tools and weapons . This makes that very easy and possible . I had an old hatchet that I ground a rough edge on my bench grinder , then took it all the way down to a razor edge with this tool . This can be used to sharpen everything from axe heads down to your kitchen knives . I can vouch for this .	1
LOUD . VERY VERY LOUD ! . But - designed for MTB bars . MTB folks do not need loud horn unless they need to startle wildlife.Road cyclists need this product due to inattentive drivers , but product does not fit road bars . Delta , GET A CLUE ! You are not addressing your best potential market !	-1
I really wanted it to work on my 10/22 breakdown , but gave up after getting it sighted in at 6x , then going to 3x or 9x . It would not hold zero . 3x went to lower left quadrant , 9x to upper right quadrant . Several tests convinced me I had a defective scope . Tired of messing with lower priced variable zoom scopes , purchased a Nikon rimfire 4x- no issues . Decided I did not need 9x on a .22 rifle . FWIW : I do not have this problem on my large caliber Nikon variable zoom scopes .	-1
This scope has a fantastic field of view with the 50mm and great magnification , the dusk til dawn is wonderfull . I had this scope for one season and had trouble getting a zero out of it , but was close and hunted it anyways , got a nice Doe . The next year with hours and hours of fine tuning i still couldnt reach zero and sent it back to Bushnell for service/repair . They charged me like $ 50 totall and sent it back to me , the sheet stated they had made corrections and the scope was now good . I remounted and again spent hours trying to get a good zero , i couldnt keep it tight . and at that point i started noticing that the turrets were `` grinding '' and one click sometimes felt like 3 clicks.. weird , and the focus sounded like it had sand in it when adjusting . I had enuff , i removed the scope and broke out my note pad , for every problem i wrote it down and taped it to the scope and mailed it in . I also made mention in the note of ALOT of wasted time and ammo , as well as one servicing being done already.. within about two weeks i got a new Bushnell box via UPS and inside was a brand new scope . The new scope has been very very good , i took another Doe durring muzzleloading season with it this year . My experience was with defective scope , and iffy repair service , then a new scope and all was better . Im glad Bushnell decided to send me a new scope as i had lost all faith in my first one . I own 3 Banners and One Elite.. if you can afford the elite , i highly recomend them.I hope you found my review helpfull in your decision .	1
This is a cheap tire in price and quality . The tire that came with the bike worked for a couple years , with many hours on a trainer . This tire is falling apart after only a few months on a trainer .	-1
after i instald this mirror it doese not set out far enoughthe only thing i see is my own armnot realy for the newer bikeswith the grips takeing the end of the handle bars	-1
I bought these locks with combos . So in an emergency if I could not get to the keys I could do the combo . But in the dark you ca n't see the numbers maybe a light up lock combo would be better	1
I do n't want to get into the details as to what this stuff can be good for , but try it out on any type of skin condition or rash , or for daily use in the shower . It has a light , refreshing tea tree scent , and works wonders as a medicine if used properly . Tea tree oil is amazing ! You can also buy tea tree oil whole and add a bit of it to this soap to strengthen its microbial properties !	1
If you are hunting big game inside of 150 yards as the max you 'll ever shoot , these will do fine . At least the set I got will . But the plastic base on the flat level is NOT true and the race mount does not reliably fit the action without a true level to co-witness as a baseline . Therefore , past 200 yards , you are likely to see serious diagonal drift of point-of-impact relative to point-of-aim . Get the wheeler professional levels with the barrel clamps instead . This is definitely a case where the extra money is worth it .	-1
These clips are decently solid but quite short . I wear a men 's 11.5 shoe and I never felt like I was able to get my toes far enough forward to be comfortable on the pedals . I took the clips off some time ago and am no longer using them .	-1
If you understand archery at all , you know the arrow has to flex around the bow 's riser to shoot straight . If an arrow is too stiff for the amount of energy the string puts into the nock-end , it will fly off with the arrow yawed at an angle away from side of the bow from which it was shot . If it 's too flexible , the bow string 's force will warp the arrow around the riser too much and the arrow will fly away yawed toward the side of the bow from which it was shot.The arrows stiffness must match the bow 's force . The bow 's force is determined by the limbs , and how far the string is being drawn . Youth bows usually have less force in the limbs , and the draw lengths from youth archers are usually short too , which means relatively little force is put into the nock end of the arrow . Therefore the arrow should be relatively flexible to shoot well.An arrow 's stiffness is determined by it 's & # 34 ; spine & # 34 ; characteristics , it 's length , and any weight in the point , the inertia of which helps to flex the arrow shaft upon release . These arrows at 24 & # 34 ; are short -- and the shorter the stiffer . You 'd have to shoot a really powerful bow to flex these short shafts enough . Yet a lot of buyers will think to get the short arrows for the smallest archer 's and their bows . The arrows also have very light weight sheet metal points . They should have heavier metal points to help flex the shaft for bows of low draw weight and archers with short draw lengths.These fiberglass arrows are no where near as flexible as 1/4 & # 34 ; or 5/16 & # 34 ; cedar arrows of the same length . Get those instead . If you do by these fiberglass ones , at least get the more flexible 30 & # 34 ; version and do a bareshaft test . You can cut them down based on your test results using heavier points .	-1
I bought two . One of them is great and holds air wonderfully . I do n't think I have ever encountered a flat-causing item in the road that this tube filled back in . But my second tube never held air and the valve never sealed . It was a waste of money and I had to throw it out . I might buy these again , but I 'd buy 3 for two tires and always buy them in pairs ... Disappointing . Especially since others have this same review ...	-1
I was considering purchasing a new helmet and my choices were Atmos and Aeon.Atmos was bigger in appearance ( wondering what this does to wind resistance ) and eventually chose to go with Aeon ( was $ 30 more expensive for the color I chose . )	-1
I am a fan of the Marine Corps K-bar and have used one for over 35 years . I believe that the K-bar is one of the best functional knives I have ever owned , so for me to be surprised with this SOG is amazing . It was razor sharp out of the box . The handle is easy to use with gloves on in the cold , and the handle is not hard to use without gloves , the non slop surface provides for an excellent grip even when wet . This is a very functional knife and if I lived in an area where it was moist or constantly wet and rainy there is no doubt that this knife would be my first choice to carry . I bought the knife as a backup but and am not disappointed with it . I would recommend the SOG to a friend . This knife will replace the K-bar for fishing around the lake and from the boat because I can use a lanyard with it to prevent loss of the knife in the water . I like the nylon sheath because it will dry quickly if wet . the only negative that I have found is the velcro knife retainer on the sheath . This should be a snap in my opinion because it is less noisy . I will use it for hunting in the Fall but do not expect any problems.Overall I believe the knife is a good value and will serve me well in the field . It is nice to find quality and value in the same package .	1
I had to send back because the S M size is too small even for a woman shoe ... I recommend to buy the bigger size ( L LX ) . Those will be what u need and will give more stars . 'Esta banda no se va en el primer tiempo , oh oh , porque River es passion y sentimiento , oh oh , Millonario no me importa lo q digan , el periodismo , la policia , sos lo mas grande de la Argentina ' ...	-1
I bought this bell thinking it was for adult bicycles . It was n't until I was on the Autobahn with car traffic going over 100 mph that I found out how wrong I was . It turns out , this `` bell '' is for a tricycle for 2 year olds .	-1
Your experience may vary , but even though I followed the instructions on the bottle , I did not see any difference in the headlight on my 2006 Mazda 3.I am a fan of Meguiar 's products but can not recommend this one .	-1
Have not used these very much and they are already tearing on me and will not last much longer . I will go with Valeo from now on	-1
I use the watch often and it functions well . The band is a thin flimsy plastic BUT strong enough that it has n't broken on several work activities . I have worn in the pouring rain and had it on when it was -5 F ... and still works well . I paid about $ 10 and I would consider getting it again !	1
So this thing had great reviews and maybe mine isnt one of the better ones but at 25 ft it shoots about 8 inches high and 4 inches to the right . At first i thought it was me but in fact its the gun . So i give it 2 stars . It does it with crossman bbs and the ones thwt come with it .	-1
I was skeptical at first about this boomerang because I figured it would not work however , to my surprise it was very functional as a boomerang and is hours of fun waiting to happen . I would recommend this boomerang for all ages because after a little while of practice and tweaking the boomerang it turns into one of the most fun things to play with .	1
These were bought for my son and his new crossbow . They fly straight and he is happy and would purchase again .	1
This is a great design for EDC in polite company , when you do n't want to pull out a red knife ! It is amazing that a 125 year old company is still coming up with something new and really in tune with the times.A little thinner than my usual Explorer , with everything important , lacking only the magnifying glass and Phillips screwdriver.I always have to say that Victorinox is definitely THE brand of Quality for SAK 's . Their factory-original blades last longer than Wenger , and much longer than ****ty Chinese knock-offs , most of which are nearly impossible to resharpen .	1
Awesome Sharp knife . Had the old version for about 10 years and never needed to sharpen . It was not the skeleton like this but they do not make the non-skeleton version anymore of this . My old Gerber disappeared one day and I was sick about it , had a lot of memories tied to that knife . LOL ... So decided to get this updated version of the model called the e-z out skeleton that they are selling now . SHARP , HOLDS an Edge and just kicks bottom . Took about a week to get use to flipping the blade out with one hand and thumb but now have that mastered.Love this knife so much keep it beside the bed at night and it is the first thing I look for when getting dressed in the morning .	1
The grips are a bear to get on [ follow the instructions - use water ! ! ] But once on , they did slip during use . Not a useful item - preferred using gloves .	-1
For close to $ 300 for a filter I 'd expect quality control to be a lot better . Product arrived , seemed very well built - & # 34 ; Swiss Made & # 34 ; on label , etc . For something that was deemed & # 34 ; the last filter you 'll ever need & # 34 ; or whatever the words are on their website it sure was anything BUT.I was on a backcountry hiking trip recently near Lake Powell Utah - used it once in a dirty creek and it produced amazingly clear water.. and the water tasted great especially when used with Sweetwater drops . Everyone else was using gravity filters and while OK , they still leave a taste in the water - and they are slow and fiddly - so I was stoked I finally have my go -to solution for long trips that was fast , trouble free and compact.Well , I got it out on the second day of the trip to pump some more water and on the 3rd pump the side of the pump totally cracked and water sprayed out of it from every direction . BAM - end of the filter & now I have no water . I was lucky I was traveling with someone who had a backup otherwise we would have had a situation.Obviously some kind of major product defect - but again - what kind of materials are they using that blow that easily . I did not put any pressure on the handle out of the ordinary - it just broke.Fortunately , I purchased through Amazon - a new unit is on its way for my next trip - but yikes , now do I need to carry backup purifier ? I have a hard time placing any confidence on survival with this gear - time will tell I guess .	-1
Not sure what this kit is for really . The bristles fall out so fast its a joke . Save your money .	-1
I have tried every alternate fire starter , and I find this one to be the best at getting the job done . Easy one hand operation , big sparks where you want em & not having to use a knife to scrape against . Seeing that you have to push down to operate this fire starter , its wise to find a small flat stone ( or keep one with you ) , so you have something to push down on ; and build your tinder around the stone . Another thing I found usefull is before use is pushing the scraper in lightly , just enough to make contact with the steel & scratch off the coating to save yourself time . Instead of a few strokes , you get sparks easily on first or second stroke . I would have given this fire starter 5 stars if the cap that holds it together in the closed position had some way of adding a way of being able to wear around the neck . It has a slot at the top , but not wide enough to put anything through that wo n't interfere with whilE this fire starter is in the open position .	1
These little tools are the absolute best thing you can keep in your pocket for everyday use ( but do n't bring it with when flying ) . I have had them for years and they continue to work as if they were brand new . I keep a few handy for gifts as well . They are well worth the money . Highly recommended .	1
Really Liked this sharpener , quickly put a razor edge on all my backpacking blades . Kukri , Leatherman Mutt , and my CKRT as well as 3 other camping knives . The compactness is nice .	1
As a firearms instructor and Chief Range Safety Officer , I literally live in my & # 34 ; muffs & # 34 ; .These are comfortable , light , provide long battery life and thinner than others - allows comfortable cheek weld .	1
I applied this to a new boat cover to waterproof it using a hand spray pump . I think they key is really saturate the fabric with this product , allowing it to penetrate . The first rain has come , and the water is literally rolling off the cover in huge drops . Cover still looks perfectly dry . I have a 20 ' boat , and used almost the entire bottle to waterproof it , so it does take quite a bit.It 's expensive , but it has worked great for me so far so it 's been worth it .	1
I have been using these for years , I put them on my clothing and in my bag that I keep my hunting clothes in , they always smell like dirt ! ! ! ! ! ! You will not be dissappointed ! ! !	1
The case is is best part of the kit , although I 'll just throw the ALICE clip away . It should have some larger needles , heavier thread . I was expecting something like what I was Issued when I entered the military in 1967 . This is far inferior to that . This is more suited for a debutante to patch her panties with it than to make any field repairs to field equipment , uniforms , outdoor clothing , etc.. I 'll have to supplement the kit with some additional needles , pins , safety pins and heavier thread .	-1
Let me start by saying bike seat comfort is very subjective and personal . Even so , I ca n't find any way to like this seat ! It sure looks like it should be comfortable , but no matter what angle I placed the thing , I could never get the padding to respond and conform to my buttocks ! After several days of sliding off and constant repositioning , I returned this and purchased a Nishiki Adult Sport Bike Seat and it is SO much more comfortable ( not available on Amazon , but it is from Dick 's Sporting Goods ) .I give this one star for my body build , at 6 ' 2 & # 34 ; and under 165lb . Perhaps this seat is designed for those a bit heavier than I ?	-1
Returned these polos before ever wearing them once . Incredibly cheap and thin material-less than some of my t-shirts . You can alsmot see through them and they look like they 're about to fall apart.Spend the extra few bucks and get a quality shirt , these are worthless .	-1
wanted to use it on my Icon Variant , did not fit , the strap is too thick for the supplied plastic clip , besides the little button on the strap would make it impossible to go through the supplied plastic clip even if the size was wide enough , same scenario for my Arai . I 'll be dammed if I attempted to modify my helmets to fit this flimsy clip because it does not strike me as being made of strong material .	-1
Have n't found a good position to install this so it does n't irritate my hands while working out ... it catches about 60 % of the sweat and almost all of the drops that would have hit my bike .	-1
I use this soap to wash my face , and I have also used it to wash my hair . What I like about this soap , is that it also clears my sinuses in the shower , which is an added bonus , as I always have sinus issues during allergy season . The soap does feel a bit drying on the skin initially , but it does n't feel squeaky clean like it does with sulphate soaps . I think I 'm probably using way too much , as a tiny bit goes a very long way . I really like this soap , and it will certainly be a staple in my house for a long time , given the incredible sinus clearing added bonus . I used to use a neti pot , but I stopped using it because I read about the brain eating amoeba that can be found in our water supply , and it freaked me out . I do n't need a neti pot anymore ; score !	1
I bought these based on positive reviews , but my results were poor . I tried to use them in my Gamo air rifle but they fit very tight compared to the pellets I had been using . I was getting poor accuracy and was frustrated . A friend with a Gamo air rifle ( different model ) and I sat and fired off a few dozen side-by-side at a target and both of us got dismal results -- very poor accuracy . He was unimpressed ( I had been for some time ) and so we tried his pellets . We both immediately got tight clusters on target . His comment & # 34 ; I would n't put these through my gun for anything & # 34 ; and I agree . I do n't know what the problem is , but they do n't fit well and sure do n't shoot straight , at least with our two guns . Perhaps we just got a bad batch that was oversize .	-1
Cheap and relatively light for cast iron ( relatively ! ) , it 's not the greatest , but it works . You do have to keep it seasoned , of course . We use it occasionally at our cabin , and it 's fine for once-in-a-while use - blackening trout or salmon , for example .	1
This looked like a good buy for a camp mess kit . Unfortunately , it is hard to open and close because the handle that holds every thing in , is held by a screw . I found it hard to open and I overloosened the screw which then dropped out of the handle and I could not find it . The kit was hard to put back together anyway as the pot handle did n't fold right . Not a good buy . I recommend that if one purchases a mess kit , that they get one which the handle folds rather than screws together . The handle makes it easy to use and a folding handle is easy to open and there are no parts that can be lost .	-1
I am male with size 14 feet , so buying an extended size sock that fits is critical . I have bought Gold Toe socks before and love them . I recently ordered two 6-packs of the Extended Size cotton crew socks ( shoe size 12-16 ) , and was looking forward to receiving them . While the package arrived super fast , I immediately noticed that the socks looked smaller . When I held them against a new pair of Gold Toe socks that I bought at J. C. Penny 's a couple of years ago , they were about 1 1/2 inches smaller . I tried on a pair , which went on my feet , but felt tight . Heaven only knows what they would be like after a washing or two ! Needless to say , I am returning the socks right away for a refund.I am very disappointed , as I was looking forward to the higher quality of the Gold Toe brand . I guess different manufacturers are licensed to make these socks , which would account for the varying quality and fit . I will go back to J. C. Penny 's and see if they still carry the `` real thing . ''	-1
First of all , these probably would have gotten a 4 star rating . Unfortunately , due to the packaging and lack of foresight ( or just wanting to make an extra buck ) , these barely rate a 2 . I 'm going to be helpful to anyone else buying this sight . First of all , when you open the packaging , get out a small knife or razor when removing all the parts from the overkill plastic/paper package . Cut away each area around the light pipes slowly and you may get them out without losing them . Otherwise , when you ( slowly ) peel away the back paper from the front paper/plastic bubble area , all the light pipe will go flying in different directions . There 's no way to remove the front from the back without curving the plastic area and having all the light pipes shooting out . Maybe if you worked turtle slow , but I was shocked at how fast they disappeared once I started peeling back the back board . In other words - their packaging sucks . So , I have 1 light pipe left . Perhaps in time I will find the other ones . It they gather light as well as they say , I will spot them immediately . Nope , spent 10 minutes with a I found a green one . That makes 2 left . Yippee . Now , to install the actual sight ... Went on easy . I blue loctited the screw . Odd that my standard Glock sight tool was n't quite right for this part , but the hex head is VERY thin , so I had to modify another tool to gently tighten it . Hmm . So there 's not way that they could toss in a cheap plastic tube style hex driver ? Really . If the people that engineering the packaging on this also engineered the sight - Whoa . Wait , let me first check the sight . All the lights on in the garage - check . Windows shades open - check . OK , I can see the sight OK. Let me try closing the shades - Well , I can almost see the dot ( red ) . Lets open the shades and kill the lights ... Hmmm . No dot . Ok , it is daytime dim in here , and certainly not dark . Going inside to spend the extra $ 43 that I should have spent on a set of Tritium front AND back sights . Goodbye H-Viz part . Expensive experiment . Could have ordered a really tasty XL pizza from Speedys for that wasted $ 25 . Silly me .	-1
If you are on a budget , but do n't want to settle on quality , give one of these scopes a try . They are an excellent value for what the cost . I have them on everything from 22 's to 45-70 's and they work great . Nice clear reticles . Do n't let the low price fool ya , they 're good to go ! Also , made in Korea , not China junk .	1
The side of the glove is already torn and one of the stitching in the webbing of the glove is already coming off . As a graduate student , I can only currently fit in two week workouts . I 've started heavily lifting again barely less than a month ago and it 's already starting to tear . My cycling gloves are stronger than that ! You have to be kidding me ... Money wasted , pretty much.Another tip is to probably buy one size up . It was a good fit , pretty much perfect for me but this glove does stretch and can really choke the webbing of your fingers or constrict some movement of your hand . I 'm stuck with these gloves I guess ... They 're not bad , but they are far from good as I initially believed of them .	-1
I love this pack . For running , it is honestly a bit large . I have to strap it tight . Perhaps good for an inhaler ? But I can fit my camera into my new Fuel Belt so I do n't use this much for running anymore ... I do n't have much to carry . However , this is an awesome safety travel wallet . *Cue the odd looks* . When I went to Thailand and Peru , I first bought an around the neck wallet so that my things would be safe , but then I was worried about how completely obvious it was under my shirt and you could see it hanging around my neck . I looked like the idiot tourist . Then I remember this pack that I have . It fits my passport and cash and I strap it invisibly around my upper torso . It is comfortable enough to sleep in because it is soft and flexible , so when camping in the middle of Cuzco , I did n't have to worry about someone getting my stuff from my bag . It was right on me .	1
its weight is on point , what else can i say besides that it does its job , grip could be better tho	1
I think this is a useful and practical sharpener , but tends to be a jack of all trades : It offers flexibility but does n't do one thing exceedingly well . Here are some observations based on my experience : Pros : Combination of Coarseness : I like that this tool comes with both a coarse and fine stone . I have various knives and blades in various conditions : Sometimes a fine stone is just not enough to bring back a neglected edge to where it should be and I find the coarse stone is just what I need . While I think the descriptions are reasonably accurate , this stone does take a learning curve to master . Initially , both sides act coarser than they should be , as the diamonds break and wear to a more consistent surface . It will seem , then , that it quickly loses its effectiveness , when in reality it is just breaking in.Utility : On both sides of the stones , there is a flat patch for very small blades , which is nice . There is also a groove on both stones for sharpening points of , say , fish hooks or needles . I 'm not sure how often I 'll be sharpening my fish hooks , but it 's a thoughtful feature . The cover turns around to form a handle and , though made of plastic , it has held up well and does n't allow the stone to shift when sharpening . Unlike a more traditional stone meant to sit flat on a surface , this one is best held at an angle , keeping the tip held on a surface with the handle . This is how I 've been using it and find that works best for me . The relatively small size of this sharpener requires a different technique than having a large stone to work on , using both hands on the blade , when the stone sits on a flat surface . Overall , this stone is able to sharpen a broad range of edges , whether on knives , wood carving tools , etc.Effectiveness : I have found this stone to be effective sharpening a range of tools , from my high carbon kitchen knives , to my EDC folder , to my stainless multitool blades . It works , and I 've been happy with it.Cons : Size : I 'm not sure this is a con , but I find this tool somewhat awkward to use . Ideally , I prefer sharpening my tools , whatever they are , in the comfort of my shop , using both hands , on a large stone . With this , you just ca n't do that . Ah , you say , it 's not meant for that ! True ... but I find myself , more often than not , sharpening my knives back at home after backpacking or camping , rather than on site where I ca n't do as good a job at it . I like its versatility and I do think it works really well . It 's just that ... this usually is n't the one I reach for . Would I use this one when I 'm at home versus the larger stones on my bench ? No . Would I take this one backpacking ? No , because I 'd be going into the back country with sharp blades to begin with and I 'm certainly not going to carry something this heavy unless it 's essential . Would I keep it in my truck ? Mmmmm ... . maybe , but 9 out of 10 times I 'd be bringing my blades back home to sharpen anyway . Would I want this if I had to bug out due to zombie attack ? Well , of course I would ! ! ! But that has n't happened yet and I 'm starting to wonder if it will ... Other Thoughts : This is a good quality , multi-purpose , compact sharpener at a pretty decent value . There are plenty of purists out there who would howl at the thought of allowing their blades to touch anything but crazy-expensive exotic water stones . Whatever . Unless you 've just dropped your ( or your kid 's ) college tuition on a blade that will never , ever be used for fear of getting a nick on the edge , this sharpener will work just fine and will give you a decent-to-near-scalpel edge if you use it properly . ( with or without stropping for you edge geeks ) The question is , is this the right tool for you ? Personally , I find myself reaching for the stones that are dedicated to my bench top most often , and so this one ends up living in my camping gear . If you are short on space , though , or find yourself with a more portable lifestyle , this sharpener may be for you . Four stars for a quality sharpener at a great price .	1
[ Good ] These do give you deeper pushupsAfter 3 months of use , they still work fine ; though it should be noted that I 'm under 180 lbs.They are comfortable for most push ups except one type . [ Bad ] There 's a tendency for this product to fall on its side . You should get something that does n't flip .	-1
It fits and does provide a lot of shade but if there is much wind it flop up down and all around and make you look like even more of a dork for wearing it .	-1
Honestly I 'm in love with this hammock , it 's lightweight and small , and SO comfy . I even prefer this one over the & # 34 ; nice & # 34 ; ones that have the wooden cross bar and stuff , or the ones with the woven cotton . The nylon totally conforms to your body and it 's just amazing . It really does hold 2 people without breaking too . As soon as mine breaks I 'm buying another , no question .	1
They started my campfire just fine . Although it was damp and rainy the matches lit with no problems . Worth purchasing .	1
This thing can keep a beer cold in the heat for hours . Seriously . It 's that good . it 's expensive , but if you like cold beer , invest in one . Especially if you 're the type of person who does n't finish the bottom of the beer can when it gets warm from taking too long to drink . This will solve that problem . I also noticed that since my beer stays cold so much longer , I do n't find myself drinking as much . This keeps me from getting too ... .. well you know .	1
I 'm not an archer but I use them on my cross bow ... They work great ! ! ! ! Just remember they will break if they hit concrete ... LOL	1
Was given one of these by a friend . It is hard plastic , does n't work well with off-brand bottles . Buy a Guyot , they conform to Nalgene and off-brand bottles and they work 10 times better .	-1
We use the scissors all the time . This model is noticeably thinner than the regular plastic scale versions , which I like .	1
Very nice bag to hold the camp chef grill . It is a bit bigger than the grill itself , which is unnecessary and awkward , but hey , better than being a bit small . Got to have it if you have the two burner grill ! You could include the grill cleaner and spatulas in the bag as well .	1
At one time , you just needed to see the Everlast brand name to be assured that you were getting a top-quality product : one that would withstand anything you could throw at it.Now that they 've outsourced their manufacturing to China , Everlast quality is not the virtual guarantee that it once was.I purchased ( and use ) these wraps . However , one of them was manufactured improperly . The velcro closure is sewn to a different side of the wrap than it is on all the others . Because of this , I always ended up putting it on backwards . I finally marked it so I would know to put it on differently than the others.For around $ 10 , you should expect to get something that has passed a quality-control check . After all , wraps are just some strips of cloth and velcro ; they probably cost about $ 0.25 to manufacture.These wraps are short , just over 100 inches , but fine for hitting the bag . They are not elasticized , but that is fine for my purposes , as it 's what I prefer . If you want to do serious sparring or fighting , or if you want to put some padding on your knuckles ( under the wraps ) , you 'll need longer wraps than these . In short : you can wrap your wrist , knuckles , and thumb with these , but you wo n't have enough material to wrap between your fingers . They come packed in a plastic mesh bag , but it ca n't easily be reused . A cloth mesh bag with a drawstring would have been better.Summary : overpriced and shoddily-made .	-1
Hey guys , I camp and hunt a lot with many friends . My job is to cook for hungery people and the stove has worked great for that . I use the fitting for re-filling the little 1pound tanks , off bulk tanks . 1LB will last a long time , many cooks . I took one star away becasue some of the sheet metel is getting cought in the lid , so when I try to open it , I need to find something to pry it open . The second thing is it can be hard to turn the burner on low , it junps back to middle heat when I take my hand off the knob , but it will do it , I just have to try several times . All in all a great stove ! I 'd buy it again ! ! !	1
I even tried both a straight seat post and a leaned back seat post . This thing is just too big for my legs to peddle at all . I 'm a big person ( not in weight , but in size ) and I do n't think I have ever had a problem with something being too big.To give more detail , I have to slide forward on it to actually make it so my legs can bend .	-1
Best trigger lock available in the market . Highly recommended for all shooters . I have it on my all of my firearm .	1
You know ... . I 'm not going to battle with the Knights of the Round Table , but being out there in the deep woods with Coyote , Bear , Fox , Mountain Lions , wild dogs , etc . etc . etc . ... ... .. I just feel better having TEN bolts with broadheads on them . : & # 62 ; ) THIS is the first hip quiver I have ever bought . It is designed well and the leg strap is a definite plus that I would not have thought about . I have put all carbon bolts in it with three blade broadheads and believe it is going to work really great . It stays out of the way when walking and I think it stays close enough to the body that it will not get hung up on a lot of stuff .	1
The speedloader seems like a good product in terms of quality and function , but it does not fit my revolver . The website does not specify which models this speedloader does and does not fit . I purchased this speedloader for my standard .38 S & W ; Model 442 Airweight . The gun is plain old normal factory specs from the manufacturer , no after market parts , no customization , etc . The speedloader does n't even feed in half way to the cylinder before it gets stuck . You may want to do some research on this item to fitting your gun before you go through the hassle of ordering and returning.The ad on the website does not provide the information , but now that I have the item in front of me , I can tell you what is says . This item on amazon is for a : HKS Speedloader , model 36-A . The packaging says it fits 5 shot , .38 Special , S & W ; models 36 , 37 , 38 , 40 , 42 , 49 , 60 // Charter Arms // Taurus 85 .	-1
I get these for gifts all the time , especially for the women and girls in my life . Like all other Swiss Army knives , this little gem comes shaving sharp right out of the box ; the scissors are also razor sharp .	1
The reviews here seem to be written by kind gentlemen who do n't wish to sound harsh . But what they do say is quite a problem . These Hoppe 's patches are way too small for the bores they say they are deigned for . These Hoppe 's patches look like the same as the & # 34 ; Outers & # 34 ; brand 17/.22 caliber patches but Hoppe 's must be much thinner . I needed THREE .22/.270 caliber Hoppe 's patches for each pass in my .223 caliber rifle . And I needed two and one half patches of the Hoppe 's .270/.38 caliber patches to fit my .308 rifle . These tiny patches will cost you much more in the long run than the superior cotton patches from & # 34 ; Pro-Shot & # 34 ; that are sold here . If the Amazon word search here for & # 34 ; gun patches & # 34 ; ( ? ) had shown the available Pro-Shot brands , I definitely would have ordered them and been very happy . As it is , I am not that pleased . Go for the Outers ( better ) or ProShot ( best ) brands .	-1
I 've owned a couple of these over the years and recently received a new one for Christmas . They are excellent and I carry it on my key chain every day . It 's lite , small , well crafted and offers a variety of very useful tools for everyday tasks . And at around $ 12 they 're basically giving them away . For me , it 's the perfect key chain tool .	1
I 've been riding bicycles and motorcycles for the past 40 years , wearing all sorts of helmets . Just recently got into inline skating and bought my first ProTec helmet with the skates.Apparently , someone at ProTec forgot that ( 1 ) helmets get HOT , ( 2 ) people SWEAT , and ( 3 ) the glue holding the lining and the padding and the helmet together needs to be WATERPROOF.Any store selling these helmets needs to have their HR manager write up the irresponsible buyers who would put this piece of garbage in their inventory . Yes , it 's that bad . If you buy this thing , be prepared to find some nice waterproof glue and reassemble your helmet when it starts coming apart . And it WILL come apart . Unless you 're an alien with no sweat glands .	-1
The band is long enough to be versatile and after & # 62 ; 1 year it is still holding up ( occasional use ) . I could use a band with more resistance though , it is n't & # 34 ; very heavy & # 34 ; to me but my girlfriend struggles with it .	1
Have never used it , was n't willing to 'wire up ' my bike to use it . Bad purchuse I should have thought it through first .	-1
My gramma had this in her bathroom when I was a kid 30+ years ago , and I still use it . I 've moved a lot in my life , and I always had to start over looking for a place to find this soap ... so thanks , Amazon Prime ! This soap is useful as a shampoo , but I normally use Aveda . It 's useful as a toothpaste/mouthwash , but I normally use Crest . It 's also a great general bath wash or bubble bath , but again I tend to have specialty products . Even better , it 's biodegradable , so it 's my primary for camping trips.A small amount goes a long way , lathers up well , and when rinsed , it does n't leave a sticky film or dry out your skin . The peppermint oil has a pleasant and refreshing tingle & aroma to start the day feeling just a little bit more chipper.The packaging ( printed bottle label ) also has a bunch of interesting writing on it - and even after 30 years , every now & then I find myself reading bits and pieces . It does have a religious bent to the writings , but not in a typical preachy-to-heck-with-glass-houses-I'm-throwing-stones so I find it more entertaining and inspirational and philosophical.Keep in mind that the fluid is very thin - a bunch will flow out if you 're not careful and you only need a little bit.I recommend Dr. Bronner 's !	1
The lid leaked until I put o-rings in it . Not so much GI as it is GI reject . dont buy it	-1
First , I would like to say that I really tried to like this knife as I have been looking at them for a number of years . However , I tend to be extremely picky when it comes to my blades because I us them pretty often and for hard use tasks . This was going to be my everyday carry , or EDC , knife to have with me at all times . Despite the excellent price , there were certain quality issues that made me decide not to go with this knife after getting it into my hands.I want to begin with the positives as there are some . When looking for a knife , you need it to be sharp ; this is a sharp knife from the factory . It 'll shave the hair of your arm with ease and rip through cardboard boxes . The AUS8 stainless still is adequate , but not the best for edge retention or corrosion resistance . Again , it is decent . However , you do not want a $ 200 EDC knife that you ar going to abuse . The AUS8 is affordable and easy to sharpen , exactly want you want in a blade of this type . Also a plus with this knife is its featherweight feel in the hand . It is a mere 1.2 oz , making you forget you even have it and proving easy to carry . If weight is of a concern to you , this knife may be something to consider . This knife also has a knife clip that is reversable for left and right hand carriers . I am a lefty and many knife makers are oblivious to us southpaws , so its nice to know that SOG is one of those companies helping us out . Since it is a spring assisted opening knife , it deploys extremely quick , nive for when it is needed immediately . Lastly , the knife just looks tactical and cool . The blade shape is really nice looking and effective for cutting tasks and the full-flat ground blade is razor sharp.Now for my critiques on this blade . First the locking mechanism used to close the blade is not ambidextrous and seemed awkward for me , as a lefty , to engage this mechanism ; seemed like for righties it is not a problem . Next , the handle , or scales , did not have much traction at all and although lightweight , felt very cheap to the touch . I know this is an inexpensive knife , but I 've held cheaper knives with better scales . Also , this knife is small , so this may be a problem for people with bigger hands or needing to do bigger jobs . My biggest issue with this knife was the LOCKUP ; it was horrible . I have purchased all Spydercos before buying this one , so I be be picky because they lock up like a safe , so be it as it may . The SOG Flash 1 's blade had a considerable amount of up-and-down and side-to-side blade play . Usually , you can fix this issue by simply adjusting the pivot screw , but this was not the case . When I adjusted it to eliminate the blade play , the knife became a stiff manual knife as apposed to a quick assisted opener . It was extremely disappointing to me . It is truly the little things and attention to the itricate details that people must see . This lapse in quality really bothered me and led me to return the item . That being said , not all the Flash 1s are like this but I did not feel like returning and trying a new one . The inconsistant quality control is what led me to ultimately get rid of this knife . However , I plan on trying a sog Twitch 2 in the future . Hopefully , I have more luck with that knife .	-1
You can see doodly squat in this so called mirror . Do not get this joke of a bike aid item .	-1
I didnt buy it for its trendy looks , altho it is nice looking . But I bought it for its ability to be recycled.Some say the paint chips if you drop it , thats true altho no big deal to me . I 'd rather have less paint from the getgo , on it as thats makes it even more eco-friendly.The bottle will `` sweat '' with ice cold water in it so could get things wet in your purse/ backpack etc.But the bottle itself does NOT leak.Also if you ride a bicycle with it , you have to stop & unscrew the cover to get a drink , not like the squeeze bottles in which you could continue to ride & drink .	1
I purchased this originally to use in my home gym . I wish I could say that that is what it is used mostly for , but I ca n't . This is the perfect size to have in a home gym or to be used by toddlers and small children . I 'd be careful if using it for toddlers since it does n't have a hold bar or a net . If you use it on a carpeted area or grass , as I do , you probably wo n't have a problem . It is also very durable . I have a toddler and a preschooler . They use it more then I do and It has survived for almost 2 years unscathed .	1
The oil bottle arrived empty , the pegs were missing , and there were no instructions . Sent it back . If anyone can suggest a substitute kit , please post it .	-1
A nice little knife with a few basics to always have on you . Fits well on the key chain , sharp , good quality.I have noticed that the shinny scales scuff much easier than the older swiss army knives . 2 weeks riding around in my bag and my new knife looks as warn as my 15 year old camping swiss army knife . Does n't affect use though .	1
While fanny packs are apparently now a fashion no-no , I still occasionally need to carry things with me when I am running . For example , I sometimes carry a phone when I am expecting an early morning call I need to take . For years , I had been using an old , small fanny-pack , but time had taken its toll . So I needed a replacement . I decided to try this pack , since it is supposed to be designed for running.After trying it , I found I liked it much more than the old pack . First , it & # 34 ; grips & # 34 ; onto its contents-so , for example , the phone does not bounce around so much . Second , it is compact and does not look like the old-style fanny pack . It also fits better and is less inclined to travel around my waist.As some reviewers have noted , the belt is a bit long . But , this can be rectified by a trim . I do understand why the belt is long-Americans have bigger waists these days , so products need to accommodate this expansion .	1
Excellent clarity and light collection . My only peeve is that it is not rubber armored and offered in black or flat dark earth color.Please Tasco put rubber armor on these scopes . Great reticule . Now I just have to get some mounts and dial it in . It 's a great spotting scope for now and worth the money just for that .	1
Bought these for an 8 year old .They fit well and offer good protection.They would fit a wide range of ages .	1
The shirt fit well , but the buttons are located in a weird layout . The top button was to high as it would choke me if I kept it buttoned . So I kept the button undone . By doing this , it felt like half of my chest was hanging out because the next button down was much lower . .	-1
I bought these specifically for the fact that they were the only ones I could find that were made in the USA . BUT they are not made in the USA , they are made in China . The packaging is also different then shown so I wonder what the `` sold exclusively by '' claim is for ? The item is fine but NOT what is being advertised and that is why I am giving 2 stars .	-1
These are great scopes for the price . This is my 5th World Class . I have many others but these are some of my favorites . I have had no issues with loose parts or any other defects . These are bright , clear , and great looking scopes . The 3-9x50 is my personal favorite .	1
This shows gloves with a velcro wrist . What I recieved was two pair with zippers . The zippers are very low quality and more suited for doll clothes than athletic equipment . The zipper pull broke after a few months of use and I had to sew the sippers shut . I would not recommend these cheaply made gloves .	-1
THE PICTURE SHOWS A 1911 IN THE CASE . IT WIL FIT A 1911 BUT IT IS A BOOGER TO GET THE MAGAZINE IN AND CLOSE THE CASE . I WOULD HAVE RETURNED THE PRODUCTS ( I BOUGHT TWO ) BUT IT IS TOO MUCH OF A HASSLE . I 'LL USE THEM FOR SOMETHING .	-1
This canteen is nothing like I expected . It is a lot thinner than the other military grade canteens I own it is more like a toy canteen you would expect to come with a cheap halloween costume . Would not buy again , do yourself a favor and go to an army surplus store and get the real deal . It does hold water and does n't leak , otherwise I would give it one star .	-1
If you are creative , you can do almost any exercise with these bands , and they all fit into a small tote bag . Build quality is good -they are durable .	1
Took it to the bike shop and they said it was a size they do n't even carry and have not sold any in recent history . Buy a long cage , that is the correct size for most 9 speed bikes and cassettes .	-1
This is a fairly nice basketball , plenty of tact creates a good grip and the size seems to work well for all of us . As a family we have played with this basketball at the court club we belong too ( indoors ) and so far so good . The tact is still just fine although if and when that changes I will update my review . We have used this basketball everyday since we 've gotten it and its still as inflated as the day I got it.I will also mention that the ball does n't have much protection inside its shipping box so I recommend using caution when opening the box so you do n't end up slicing the ball.This particular basketball overall seems to be a great value based on the selling price , I would recommend this ball for beginners and intermediate players alike !	1
These are way too small and uncomfortable for a grown adult like myself . I wish they would have said in the title that these were kid 's sized , but I suppose I blame myself for not thoroughly reading the customer reviews before purchasing . The Velcro straps are uncomfortably tight , and they tend to rip off whenever I bend my knees dramatically . The same discomfort was experienced with the elbow pads ... except that they are even tighter than the knee pads ; so much that I could only tolerate wearing them for 5 minutes before taking them off ... I 'll probably never use the elbow pads again . The knee pads at least do an `` okay '' job at protecting my knees ( so long as they stay on ) but I can tell these were meant for children and maybe young adolescents . I 'll never be buying these again , nor do I recommend anyone buy them unless they have children ... . ( in which case they might fit perfectly and comfortably on them . )	-1
Perfect for the lazy . For this I am lazy , you can have the same thing with $ 0.10 worth of thread and cotton balls if you want to take the time to make them .	-1
Upon the first where it is excellent . Once you start washing it though , expect trouble . It does not stand up well to washing it all . In my wash on gentle cycle , with gentle detergent , in the most gentle fashion . I would say find a different product .	-1
I have had this light for about two years now I have had no bad luck with mine at all.I wonder about the other people here.I know some people you just ca n't make happy at all no matter what you try.I have seen this to many times.I think Bell products are good.Far as rain getting in my light that want happen I have a clear bag for days I think it might rain.I keep a few on hand at all times.Never know what the weather will bring our way when out riding.I have three lights on my bike.Having a light on a bicycle is a must have for me.I ride to work on my bicycle and I never know what time I might get off from work.I also have a small engine on my bike too.I do n't our car much any more I have more fun riding to work and going shopping on my bicycle.Yes I do have large Baskets on it too.Now go out and start having fun ride that bicycle again .	1
I have an ant problem in my kitchen right next to my sink . I left some food out to attract the ants out , then put down the gel . No ants went for the gel . I tried later by just putting out the gel with no food . No matter how I tried , the ants did n't touch the gel . I even tried the gel outside , hoping to see it work in action . No ants . At least for me this product did n't work at all .	-1
This helmet only lasted 2 years with minimal use and kept safely in the garage . One day we noticed the outer wrapping ripping and saw a crack in the top of the helmet . Not sure how well this would really protect someone .	-1
I bought two of these tubes ~ each went flat after or during the very first ride . The tubes are heavy duty but the valve stems not so much . The air was escaping rather quickly from a split at the base of the valve stem itself . Save time , money and aggravation and buy some other tube for your hybrid bike .	-1
I keep the aerobies in the trunk . Any time the weather is nice , my son and I will run out to the field and toss it around . He enjoys the boomerang the most . If u practice with different throwing angles it will come back to you , kinda sorta !	1
You do n't receive 6 pieces as the picture appears you will . You only receive the 3 large pieces . I returned this SCAM product ! DO N'T BUY THIS if you expect 6 .	-1
This rope broke within 1 month of me using . The plastic handles started cracking so I returned it to Amazon and got a refund . I 've bought other cheap ropes in the past and they have broken quickly as well . My suggestion would be to look for something that is higher quality	-1
I am on my fourth or so pair of Speedo Baja goggles . The first few pairs were wonderful . They were wide enough to fit my big head , they were amazingly comfortable , and provided a clear view underwater . However , at some point in the last year , Speedo reengineered the Baja goggle , and so when I replaced my goggles with a new identical ( but new ) pair again recently , I expected another great goggle . I got something that 's not that.First , the entire product is a shade smaller than it used to be . The eye pieces are noticeably smaller than before . Additionally , while the goggles were originally clear all over , there are now gray panels on each side of the goggle . Lastly , and most importantly , the goggles do not provide clear vision underwater . I tried two of the new version , thinking that it was just a manufacturing defect on the one pair , but the second pair did it , too . I can see well enough out of the water , but , as another reviewer said , it looks like you 're looking through someone else 's prescription glasses when going swimming . This is not a good thing , since I ca n't even read my watch held right in front of my face . For that , I might as well skip the goggles entirely and go without.My recommendation is that Speedo get rid of this reengineered version of the Baja , and reinstate the old design , because that was a solid goggle . This new version , not so much . The Amazon image , by the way , shows the old version of the product - not the reengineered version of the product .	-1
I hike with this soap because it 's easily biodegradable and multi-purpose . You barely need more than a drop for much of anything . But , it lathers A LOT so be weary of brushing your teeth with it . It made me choke .	1
It weights 18 ounces ( does n't list that on the item page ) . Also you do n't need the handle extension so you can make it a few ounces lighter . The construction seems pretty solid ... Going to test it out test in out in a couple days so if there are any issues I will abridge my reviewEDIT** After 4-5 uses on soft ground the shovel had difficulty staying extended and consequently kept folding up.. Maybe I just got a bad model but I 'm not impressed .	-1
I love this stuff . It 's inexpensive and works great . It is one of the best deals you can get on monofilament line . Never have found anything wrong with the line ( nicks , etc ) . have switched all of my poles to this stuff exclusively , Using the 8 lb on my general fishing poles and the 12 lb in the darker green for my steelhead trolling pole . Would , and have , suggested this line to anyone who asks my opinion on what line to get .	1
This is a no-brainer . If you purchase the bench stone , you absolutely need the base , otherwise I am not sure how you would even use the stone .	1
I am not a novice fisher woman . I purchased this line for Muskie fishing . This line was the worst line I have used . I had more wind tangles than any other line . I tie a uni-knot with all lures so have not lost lures , but the tangles were frequent . This was NOT user error . I know how to spool a reel and use proper tension.I also tried the 20lb mono and had the same results . Solution ? I switched to 15lb power pro ( braided ) and really like the line . The spiderwire line gets an F- try power pro instead . Better results even when using plastics with no weight !	-1
This bag is not what I expected . I use it to carry my Marlin 336 scoped back and forth and it 's a very , VERY tight fit . I end up having to close the case halfway and then shoving the gun inside . The case is 43 '' and the 336 is 38.5 '' so it should have worked out better . I might get something else ...	-1
I bought this for its natural ingredients . Product smells great-leaves me cheerful when i shower in the early AM . I used it to clean all of my makeup brushes and it worked great . People say one should use baby shampoo since it is the most sensitive , however , they are mistaken since most mainstream products contain harmful agents such as parabens and phalates . ( YES EVEN BABY SHAMPOO ! ) Dr. Bronner 's Soaps do not , hence the reason to use it instead . Plus it has multiple purposes ; who can beat that ? ! I would n't recommend it as a shampoo unless you dilute it and have semi greasy hair . I have combination and it dried mine out a bit .	1
not much else to say other than it floats well and is easily spotted . I use it for my anchor line on the kayak .	1
This product works great as long as you go under 45mph in your car . Ideal for city life . It 's easy to put on and take off which beats dissembling your bike to put it in the trunk . It was fine when I had it for the first couple of months driving around the city to go the trails.However , I drove 5 hours each way to go on a biking trip , mostly doing about 70+ mph . The bike ended up scratching my bumper pretty bad as it was flying around . Furthermore , the rubber wheels of the rack that sit on the trunk ended up burning a hole through my paint as it shifted back and forth from the force of the bike flying back and forth . I even stopped 4 times to tighten everything down as much as possible ! ! ! I 'm glad I have an older car so this does n't matter so much to me , but I ca n't imagine the surprise people are getting on their new to 1-5 year old vehicles ! ! People were staring , and no one followed within 300ft of my car.The top of my trunk has two holes straight down to the metal and the bumper has skid marks/scratches all over it . Do n't be cheap and get yourself a trailer hitch installed . Then purchase the bike racks that fit into those that keep the bike away from your car and the product off the paint ! ! !	-1
I bought this to check my recent installation of a Nikon scope . It worked well the first time I used it . The next time I used it was 3 months later because the nikon on my .300WinMag shifted due to recoil . It worked well for that job too . When predator 'season ' was getting close I wanted to check my gear before wasting a morning with un-level sights . The plastic on the bottom of the units was begining to warp ! Neither unit would read level even on a surface that was proven to be so by my larger levels . I expected a piece of gear that would last through more than 4-5 months .	-1
INTROI needed a utility knife for deployments , and since I went to Haiti , I found this to be the perfect tool . The knife clip is secure and is stable on my web belt ( It is reversible , if you are a left handed user ) . The weight of this knife is evenly balanced.CONSTRUCTION AND USEThe blade has a serrated edge for cutting through hard material very easily . The Shark Tooth Tip adds to its potential use for defense , as well as for its ability to cut anything with ease . This looks like a double edged knife , but it is not - only the tip is . The knife is razor sharp and resists corrosion . The matte finish is useful to eliminate glare or for avoiding bringing attention to its user , if unsheathed . The handle is durable , textured and feels comfortable in my hand.Action of the blade is smooth , and allows for quick one-handed operation . The lock is secure and given the smooth action of the mechanism , it allows for one handed closure , also . I can open this knife one-handed in about 1 second.PROSQuickly opensShark tooth tipGreat balanceLifetime warrantySerrated edge for tough materials to cutCONSNone , in my opinionSUMMARYOne of the best utility/tactical knives in the market . Highly recommend .	1
I have had it about 3 weeks and used it to clean several catches of perch and it worked like a champ . This is the first electric fillet knife I have ever used .	1
I do n't trust these other reviews being that my pair came with a few snagged fingers . I was given a refund because of that though , but I do n't want to waste my time again trying to get a proper pair for cold weather . I did n't give it one star because they make amazing facial skin sloughers , but that was n't what I bought these for . If they were sold as facial skin sloughers , I would have given them four stars , still minus one though because the finger tips were snagged .	-1
Extremely poorly packaged ... . just in a box with NO packing material . The axel broke through on side as a result.No spoke liner included.Was slightly out of true but tolerable .	-1
All four of mine have the same slight imperfection on the spoon , but it 's just cosmetic . The fork tines are longer than they need to be which reduces the spoon capacity . The handle is thin and feels a little awkward . It 's not a horrible spork it 's just that there are much nicer ones for less . I also have the Vargo Titanium Spork and it 's lighter , the build quality is better , the handle feel nicer , and the spoon seems to have a little more capacity . The Vargo Ultralite appears to have the same awkward handle , but weighs over a 1/3 less . I 'm not sure how durable it is in comparison since I have n't seen on in person.Vargo Titanium SporkTitanium Ultralite Spork	-1
Great handle size not to big and not to small . The only complaint is on of the sides was not put in perfectly straight so there is a slight bend to the weight . But im a perfectionist and it rarely ecen bothers me	1
Must hold upright or you 'll get a farty air sound . I tie wrapped a belt clip for handy/quick access . The 1.5 oz is small enough it does n't get in the way clipped to the belt/pant/short . Used while boating , for road cycling to let cars know I 'm coming . I pedal on avg 19-23 MPH so peeps in cars do not expect a cyclist to come on to them that quickly ... DOES let them know to look ! Goes with me hiking too .	1
I used the Fox 40 Classic for many years as a lifeguard . You do need to be very & # 34 ; deliberate & # 34 ; when blowing the whistle , but once you get used to it , this should n't be an issue . If it 's any indication of how loud this whistle is , I actually made my own ears ring many times because I blew too hard . I could also hear a coworker 's whistle from almost a mile away over all the ambient noise . When I changed jobs and the lifeguards were given metal pea-type whistles to use ( those are a joke , by the way ) , I continued to use a very old , very chewed up Fox 40 . There 's never a & # 34 ; pea & # 34 ; getting stuck in the chamber , and no part of the whistle itself can rust like a metal whistle . Also - because of the plastic construction , you can run this thing through the dishwasher without a problem . And , if I 'm not mistaken , the Fox 40 will float if dropped in water . The only real 'con ' is that you can actually chew the end right off if you use it enough . Even though my waterfront days are ( mostly ) behind me , I 'm restocking my stash of Fox 40s for emergency use !	1
I have been using Dr. Bronner 's almond liquid soap as a shower gel for over a year and love how it leaves the skin moisturized . Each time I use another bath or shower gel ( using the same one every day is pretty monotonous ) , I realize how much superior Dr. Bronner 's products are . I am about to buy my 4th 32-oz bottle.My husband , however , is not crazy about it .	1
This full-sized lantern is a good choice for a shelter-in-place ( SIP ) scenario or campsite . Backpackers or people walking to a bug out location ( BOL ) will probably want the much smaller/lighter eXponent lantern.This lantern lights easily and is quite bright . I find the lighting holes acommodate the long grill lighters if you get the lighter angled up-down enought . Remember that using Coleman fuel instead of unleaded will extend the life of the generator . Use of unleaded exclusively may be a false economy , depending the price of ( non-gasohol ) unleaded and generators in your neck of the words . Coleman fuel will also be considerably less stinky while running and particularly when starting and shutting off.The lantern does not come with a case but you can make one out of a pickle bucket . Line the inside with larger bubblewrap to absorb shock . There will be enough space inside for your long lighter , spare mantles , funnel/filler etc .	1
Primary problem is it is not sufficiently adjustable . Does n't fit my Trek 8.3DS as the brakes take up too much room . There 's no good reason it could n't be built with more adjustment range , or a separate piece , etc . to allow this.Also , no loctite on the screws , so I assume it would fall off eventually for normal folks , and since it threads steel into aluminum will blow out if you over-tighten . I did n't , but it 's a truth of physics . Came with no frame covers , so aside from scratching up the frame would be much less stable . Get some friction tape or something else to serve this purpose .	-1
Super water proof and easy to see through . I bought these for post-eye surgery so I could take a shower while my eyes were still not able to close . So nice to see and wash my hair with .	1
I 've had one of these for a number of years now and finally got around to ordering another one so my wife and I could both use one at the same time.They 're great in winter when you do n't want a cold soda can making your hand cold and great in summer at keeping your soda colder for longer.The bottom is rubber and does a great job of staying put.There 's no sweating/condensation to worry about either.I really think these things are great and ca n't see not using them going forward but avoided giving it a 5 star rating only because of how expensive they are.I feel like you should get a two pack for the price one cost .	1
I 'm still feeling out the grip of this ball and what I think about it . Change can be hard , and I sometimes want to stick with the traditional grip . However I have to admit that it is nice to be able to grip the ball better . I also need to evaluate how well this ball will handle usage . I play mostly outside which can cause more wear and tear on the ball than indoor courts . This is probably the most important factor for me , and I 'll try to come back and edit my review over time . I am also still evaluating how the ball behaves around the rim . So far I have n't seen too much difference in that regard -- I 'm trying not to blame the ball for my misses . : ) The ball has kept its air well note . I 'd say that if you are on the fence with this ball , just go ahead and drop the few dollars and try it out yourself .	1
There are a number of great credit card knives , ( so called because they are when folded the size of a credit card ) made by both S.O.G . which makes the `` Access card '' , and Spyderco which makes the `` Spydercard '' . The cost nearly is the same and the others have actual useful blades . This thing is cheap , cheap , cheap incomparison . Do yourself a favor and take a look at those others before buying this one .	-1
I collect SAKS . Seems like I can never find the right combination that I would create if I were were the designer . But this one pretty much does . I carried a Tinker for many years . It performs most of the tasks people require on a daily basis . And it is comfortable to carry and light weight . Then you get the other Tinker models . I look at it as `` Mission Creep ! '' The more un-necessary tools you have , the more uses and tasks you create as an excuse to use them and buy bigger and fancier knives ! I recently bought the massive and heavy knife which came with an elegant leather covered box . It has every tool SAK makes . The problem with the knife is there are several duplicate tools added for `` fluff '' just to make it more `` impressive '' and cost more . And for EDC it is too heavy , too massive even with the belt case.I love the `` Champ '' model and would normally be satisfied with that model . It has more than enough tools for almost any contingency . It is also very thick and heavy for EDC . Still , it was missing something -- more `` screwdrivers ? ! '' Then , I saw the XLT Champ model ! It has the driver bits I find use for as well as the other tools.So , having said all that , the knife borders on being too heavy and bulky . But it is doable for EDC.What I would eliminate , thus reducing size and weight , would be the spatula , fish scaler , electrician 's knife and hook . These are so seldom used if at all that it insults one 's intelligence that a fine company like Victorinox would add them ! A spatula ? For what ? ! Cutting your cocain ? ? Use the knife blade . If you plan to fish you will have a scaler in your tackle box . Use the knife blade to strip wire , etc.In spite of what I would change , for now , I would still buy this knife again . It is worth it ! But you have to get used to its bulk and weight . I suspect that I will have to carry it in a belt pouch tho . And the quality is unsurpassed !	1
This will work in a pinch but is not nearly as good as using a standard sling with hardware . I use it with an air rifle that I did n't want to drill and put hardware on . It has n't broke yet , but not sure I would trust it with a high dollar gun .	-1
Not made of cotton . Very thin and roof . Def looking into another cleaning patch for handgun . I wish I would have read more reviews . Lesson learned	-1
This pedometer has plenty of features , is sturdy , and definitely stays attached , but it 's very difficult to calibrate accurately and even after a reasonably accurate setting it somehow figures out how to give false measurements . I run on a 1/4 mile track and after 3 miles this pedometer read 3 1/2 miles , which is far too inaccurate for it to be of any use . I do n't suggest anyone get this unless it 's just to get something to give you an approximate idea of how many steps you take in a day .	-1
I am unable to imagine myself going somewhere without my Swiss Army knife ( except a plane , of course ) . This 2 1/4 inch all-purpose tool is always on my key ring , and is useful for about 70 or 80 % of those cases where you need some sort of tool but the tool box is inaccessible.This gem has a tooth pick , a pair of tweezers , a sharp knife , a nail file , a screwdriver formed on the end of the nail file , and a pair of scissors . I have probably used the knife and the scissors more than any other tools.The knife and the tweezers are useful for splinters and thorns , and thus the tweezers often become the third most useful tool . I must admit that occasionally I use the toothpick , particularly when real toothpicks are not available.The screwdriver is small enough that it can also fit into a Phillips head screw . I have even been able to use the flat blade on some small hex head screws.The difficulty with carrying tools is that they can fill your pocket very quickly . This small Swiss Army knife is small enough to fit into a purse or a pocket and yet large enough to be useful . While the larger Swiss Army knives have even more and larger tools and blades , they are also harder to carry . Of course this particular knife will not replace a tool box , but I find it amazing how many tasks I can accomplish with the simple tools available in this gem .	1
I am shooting into a target and each shot I take breaks off the fin . This comes out to 50 cents a shot for ten shots . I recommend the black plastic ones , they will last a little longer .	-1
Very small and light . Right at home on a key chain . The knife blade was very sharp when i received this . While it is not intended for heavy duty use ( of course ) it is great to have in your pocket .	1
This belt is great , if you do n't actually lift . When you start doing heavy squats , deadlifts , rack pulls , and overhead presses , you realize the flaws in this belt . There is not nearly enough support up front so the IAP is inadequate , and the thickness of the leather used is an absolute joke ( although understandable given the price ) . The rough section of the leather tore entirely around the holes on mine ( it 's as if i 'd taken a knife and cut through the rough gray portion and stopped at the black leather front portion rendering the belt unsafe and useless ; and this was after approximately month of owning it . I used it twice a week on leg days , and twice a month I do OHP instead of seated dumbbell so it was worn no more than 10 times . My replacement is a Schiek competition power belt , and the difference in quality , weight , and thickness is staggering.Basically if you 're the type that wears belts while you do preacher curls and pec dec , this is for you . If your goal is putting up big numbers on squats , deadlifts , OHP , rack pulls , etc ... I sincerely hope you steer clear .	-1
i basically wanted these for the larger scissors and extra blade . while I rarely use these blades , I like having options and keep them razor sharp . the I mainly use this for when I 'm bored at work and file my nails or trim my 'stache . I 've yet to use the orange peeler but it 's pretty sharp so i do n't see why it would n't be able to peel and orange . it 's about half an inch longer than the classic .	1
This bottle cage just did n't work on my bike . It requires a bike that has screws already in place for bottle cages ( my bike is too solid to drill holes in -- I tried ) , and it 's not shaped so that you can use clamps . This took me awhile to figure out , as it comes with no directions at all . I took it to a bike shop and ended up just buying a different kind .	-1
The one step is great if you can put it together . Trius should revise the instructions because you get it half together and find out the rest of the instructions are n't there . The instructions only tell you how to put the base of it together but leave off how to assemble the working mechanism . I emailed Trius and asked if they had an updated set of instructions . After about a week and no response I emailed them again asking why they had n't tried to answer my email . The response I got was & # 34 ; just attach the arm and the spring and you 'll be good to go & # 34 ; ! ... ... DUHI looked at a few of the other reviews that mentioned the same problems putting it together so I looked at the box and did what I thought I should do . I had a couple of parts left over and tried to figure where they went and I still have n't figured that out but it works.I 've put some fairly complicated things together in the past and the one step should have been easy . The problem is safety . The sling arm is made of sheet metal and when the spring releases it with a lot of force you would n't want any kind of malfunction . There are a couple of very sharp edges on the sling arm that should have been made smooth because they are razor sharp.Bottom line is a good device without the essential instructions and the worst customer service I 've had to deal with other than Centurylink !	-1
no complain so far . Did n't see much use since my cover is new . but definitely will use it to see long term effect .	1
yeah well . this product did NOT work ... at ALL ! ! ! ! i mean it went into the barrel , but when it came out it took alot of the brass metal brush with it . so eventaully i just had a rod . what a waste of cash ... ...	-1
This is an example of a great idea gone wrong . Yes , it 's lightweight.It fits in your pocket . BUT ... it 's made from cheap plastic and metal . It would not fit into the front sight aperture shroud of my Russian SKS without being forced , and the shank was too short to enable the slot to fit over the sight post all the way . Tried to use it with my AK , which is an unshrouded post , and the metal inside the tool chipped off when I tried to turn it.Not very sturdy.If your sight posts are a little stuck , this tool will not enable you to get enough torque to turn it without twisting the tool out of shape . If you have an unshrouded front sight post and loose sights , this may be for you . Your results may ( and probably will ) vary from mine , but if I were you , I would save my money and get the ALL METAL military grade front sight tool with windage adjustment- ( AK/SKS Military Grade Windage & Elevation Sight Tool Md : TOOL0312 . ) It may be heavier , and more cumbersome , but it will be a better decision in the long run .	-1
I bought this seat to replace a stock seat that seemed too hard . This seat is very well made , and when you feel it with your hands , is firm but cushioned . However , it did n't feel any better than the stock seat when actually riding a bike . It provides no noticeable cushioning . I wo n't return it because maybe I was expecting too much . I wonder if anybody ever actually uses these seats at the manufacturer before they sell one ... .	-1
I love this set of exercise bands . I purchased them on a recommendation from my personal trainer for use when I stay at hotels without a full gym . Any hotel room with a door will allow me to do 90 % of the exercises I normally do . All these bands roll up into a nice bag for travel and the whole kit is fairly lightweight.I think the lighter gauge bands are pretty useless for strength training unless you are a petite woman , child , or doing some rehabilitative work . I 'm not exactly sure who uses a 2lb band . Maybe for stretching ? But the red and black bands are heavier gauge and excellent for male strength training.There are a lot of reviews here on Amazon complaining that the bands eventually wear-out or break . They are supposed to . They stretch and , after repeated stretching , yes , they will wear out . Good . That means you are using them and your muscles are getting a workout . Quit whining . Buy a few more replacement bands . Wear them out too.The company that makes these bands appears pretty solid . In the package I received , there was a coupon for a free extra orange band which was even a heavier gauge than the black band . I 'm looking forward to receiving it , and I think the company offering it at no charge was a very nice touch .	1
I was given one of these trailers by my son and daughter-in-law this past Christmas . Our grandson is now old enough so I took him for a little ride yesterday , he loved it ! Yes , I 'm sure you can spend a lot more money and get a better one , but this works just fine . Easy to put together , easy to attach to my bike ( I attached it to an old mtn bike instead of my road bike ) attaches very easy and seems very secure.Pulls easily enough and holds Will in place ... what more can you ask for for this price ?	1
I purchased this fishing rod for my nephew as a gift . He has not had a chance to use it yet . I am sure he will like it and because it is from a reputable company I am sure it is a good product .	1
It was freezing to touchwhen it arrived via UPS and when I attached it to the Airgun it would not fire nor did it have any power behind the paintball . The CO2 can was empty upon arrival .	-1
Cheap , easy to use , TINY , no excuse not to throw in your gear to always have with you when you 're in the field . Perhaps should have gone with a medium instead , as I use it to bring back a quick edge when away from home but it works great as is .	1
These watch is not accurate , it runs very fast and they are all the same , finally SEIKO is going solar like CITIZEN did a long time ago , they are making a lot of solar models , i wish they could make this same model with solar power . Forget about automatics , they are in the past , only crazy collectors buy them .	-1
