You 'll find yourself asking this when this movie unexpectedly just `` ends '' . I 'm no movie cynic and I can usually find something to like in even the worst of films , but this one had the poorest , most bewildering ending I 've ever seen . It made absolutely NO sense .	-1
I ca n't believe so many people enjoy this series . I could n't finish watching this movie . It had no life , no joy .	-1
Thunderheart is a terrific movie , well worth the purchase price of a single DVD . This film 's a longtime favorite of mine -- one of those movies I watched when I was bored , and then was blown away by how deep , interesting , and resonant it was . I 've seen the movie easily four or five times since and always find something new to notice.I love a lot of different things about it -- I love Ray 's journey in this movie ( and Val Kilmer is just wonderful in this role ) , the way his discoveries lessen his self-loathing -- and simultaneously humanize him and lessen his superiority toward others ( particularly others of the Sioux tribe that he encounters ) . He begins as a cocky , unlikeable , jerk -- and then we see the scared little kid beneath the surface.The film 's story is a great murder mystery -- but that 's really just to give us a way into the action . It 's also a wonderfully understated way of showing that what Ray hated was n't what was in others , but what was within himself . The man in the beginning of this movie is about an inch deep -- he has rejected everything about himself , his family , his rich family history as the son of a halfblood Sioux . By the end of the movie , he 's irrevocably changed -- a much more likeable and accessible person who no longer does things by the book , but by the heart . Kilmer 's performance is just so subtle -- you see it all in his face . There 's a lot of humor , too , just when you least expect it.I also love the aura of the supernatural/spiritual that fills this movie , yet ( to me ) it 's never hokey , but fresh , cool and really respectful . The spiritual is a big part of native American culture , and it 's treated that way here , but without smarm or too much obviousness . I love Ray 's unexpected visions , those ghostly moments in which animals truly seem to see things that are hidden.I also love every single scene Ray has with both Graham Green 's character ( and Graham Green just rocks -- he 's amazing ) , as well as all his scenes with a brave local native American schoolteacher . I like that there 's a hint of romance in the plot , as well , but that it 's subtext , and remains in the background ( no big romantic subplot ) . The entire final quarter of the film is just really moving to me.So many shots in this movie say everything without a word spoken . Even the very last shot of the film speaks volumes about what a different man Ray is now.A great movie , that has a lot to say .	1
`` Men in Black '' , featuring Will Smith both as lead actor and end credit singer , is a classic comedy . When I first watched it years ago , I laughed at almost every situation . My favourite ? Smith and the other guy are going to meet an expert on intergalactic diplomacy . Everyone assumes it 's the weirdo with the dog . Actually , it 's ... the dog ! Had me fooled , too . Another old favourite is the claim that Sylvester Stallone is an alien . The tall guy from Twin Peaks makes a guest appearence ( he 's been on Star Trek as well ) .Since I was versed in the UFO subculture , `` Men in Black '' struck me as extra funny , since the secret agents do n't exactly behave as MIBs are supposed to . Usually , they behave in the exact opposite way ... And yes , they are more cool ! When I watched the movie last night , I was stuck by two things . One , I was n't laughing so much anymore . Why ? No idea . Maybe I 'm older , maybe I 'm through with the `` funny Black sidekick '' angle , maybe I remember the only twist element in the plot ( `` The Galaxy is in Orion 's belt '' ) . Instead , I found myself analyzing the meaning of the scene where Will tries to fill in a form at MIB headquarters , together with a bunch of marines . Is there some deeper meaning hidden away in that scene ? Or is just me getting Freudian ? Two , despite this , the movie is n't bad , although I might yet draw that conclusion when I 'm Tommy Lee Jones ' age , waking up from a coma after 35 years . Or perhaps I 'm just tired of the UFO subculture ? Although I no longer get laughing tics out of Will 's character in sunglasses , I nevertheless give `` Men in Black '' four stars . If you are 20+ , do n't miss this classic sci fi comic flic . And remember : the Galaxy is in Orion 's belt !	1
It is , without a doubt , one of the greatest movie ever made . The story , as implausible as it may seem , did happen . The timeless conflicts of the Middle East were shown in all its splendor and , although made in 1956 , David Lean work of art is still unsurpassed for its magnificence . If you have to own just 3 videos , this must be one of them . It is that good . The story is absorbing but the filming is amazing !	1
Favorite movie of 1999 - Sixth Sense . Favorite video rental of 1999 - Still Crazy.This movie is a pure joy . This is not a & quot ; mockumentary & quot ; like Spinal Tap ( one of my all-time favorites ) , but rather a fairly straightforward comedy about a 60s/70s British rock band trying to make a comeback . The & quot ; Ray & quot ; character is sympathetic and hilarious at the same time ... a wonderful character.The performances are outstanding , the comedy sometimes subtle , sometimes broad , and the music is awesome ( I own the soundtrack and would highly recommend it to anyone , even people who have n't seen the movie ) .My wife and I watched the movie 3 times in one month ... that 's how much we enjoyed it.So , when 's Strange Fruit coming to town !	1
Shirley Jackson 's novel The Haunting of Hill House is the greatest haunted house story ever written , and the 1963 film version is one of the finer examples of the horror genre ever committed to film , but this illegitimate 1999 re-make is a disgrace to the memory of the author , an inferior descendant of the original movie , and an all-around bad ( bad bad bad ! ) motion picture . Alternating between groaningly , achingly terrible and downright silly , 1999 's The Haunting loses its threadbare plot in a special effects quagmire , obliterates any of the greatness it could easily have inherited from this predecessors , fails to make use of the magnificent understated creepiness of the novel , and squanders a talented cast . Not only is it offensive to witness what was done with Shirley Jackson 's work , this is just a rotten waste of time to see .	-1
I have never seen such a mock off . The People who made this piece of crap were probably a couple back to the 60 's crackheads who just took a glimpse at the front cover of a copy of the punisher comics and just said hey this looks pretty cool lets just destroy the original story of the punisher and make a completey not well thought of plot and the reason why I call them crackheads because HOW THE HELL CAN YOU THE BLAST'EN SKULL , I mean really the one question that I myself and whoever else actually read at least one of the stories of the punisher have got to ask is that did this movie had anything to do , was this movie suppose to be based on the comic book of the punisher ? You know thank god for the new version of the punisher based on the real story of the punisher with the skull with a kickass better actor starring as the punisher and with my favorite actor , Jon Travolta starring as the kickass villian and if you do n't believe me on that go watch Broken Arrow , Face-Off , and Swordfish .	-1
I have to agree with the other critical comments here on this director 's cut . The audio and video quality are no more than so-so , and although that is somewhat explainable because it was one of the first DVD transfers done , I would n't plunk your hard earned cash down for it yet . I 'd wait until a better transfer is available.If you do , you 'll still be rewarded with a great movie . Dick 's vision L.A. is dark , dismal , and fraught with the perils of imperfect science in the shape of the homicidal androids . This future is interesting in that it invites comparison with H.G . Wells 's great classic , The War of the Worlds . Few novels in the history of science fiction portray such a dire , dismal , hopeless , and pretty much depressing fate for mankind throughout the entire novel as Wells 's book does . In many ways , the sci-fi genre was a literature of optimism as it was believed that science could solve all social problems and the future for humans and for society was bright . Wells 's novel is almost unique in pointing out the risks of science and that the universe might be a bigger , more dangerous place than we had thought . Written at the end of the Gay Nineties , Wells 's novel sounds an uncharacteristically cautious and sober note about mankind 's possible future.In Bladerunner , Dick envisions a similarly dark , dismal , depressing , and in many ways , hopeless future . L.A. is even perpetually rainy , which adds to the film noir like atmosphere . We do n't know if this is due to a climate shift or not in the movie , but maybe it 's explained in the book . And like in War of the Worlds , science itself is shown to be a two-edged sword at it sometimes creates more problems than it solves in the imperfect androids , who serve well for a time , but then toward the end of their brief lives run amuck . Furthermore , science is unable to solve the problem and bounty hunters must be dispatched to terminate the androids when they do.Besides the androids , even the other humans are often shown as unprepossessing . The great scientist Tyrell is the ultimate nerd with literally coke-bottle lens glasses . And the dowdy technician , Sebastian , who takes the androids in , has some sort of skin disease that ages his face prematurely . He admires the andoids physical perfection since it contrasts with his own imperfection . And the psychologist who gets killed at the beginning of the movie when he gives the android the test seems smarmy and somewhat arrogant.One of the few positive characters , besides Harrison himself , is Sean Young , the beautiful , young android who does n't even know she is an android . Her design is supposed to fix the problem , perhaps because she 's ignorant of her own origins.Anyway , Dick 's vision of the future reminded me of the great Wells classic from 1897 in its similarly dark , dismal , and depressing picture of the future.One final comment , if I remember right , Dick was married and divorced several times , and to the dismay of his former wives , there is often a shrewish woman in his stories that is no doubt intended to resemble his former spouse . I did n't see anyone like that in this movie , except perhaps for the Darryl Hannah android character perhaps , who is n't quite the same , but anyway , Dick was an interesting writer whose dyspeptic and dystopian visions of the future and on the dangers of science stood in contrast to much of the sci-fi genre .	-1
This movie personifies everything that is wrong with Hollywood these days . The characters are superficial , the plot anemic , and the special effects vastly overused . Liam Neeson leads a cast of characters who spend a few days in a haunted house to gauge their fear reaction . The house is possessed by the spirit of its builder , who hates kids . That is about it . A terrible remake of the original 1963 classic , which was the best horror film ever made . Get the original , and save your bucks by letting this one sit in the warehouse and rot .	-1
The only good thing about this piece of schlock is that it was n't boring.It does n't do much justice to real life vietnam vets nor does it hide any pretense of portraying realism in war.My favorite scene has to be when RAMBO was in the helicopter and he fired a LAW without taking a shred of damage to himself or his copter.If you want an action movie without much intelligence , check it out .	-1
You would think that if you put three of the funniest comic actors in a movie you would come up with a howler . This movie should be shown in movie producing classes as a & quot ; bad chemistry & quot ; classic . These guys do n't know what to do with each other . Are they courteously waiting for the other guy to grab the punchline ? Are they busting their reps to push a bad script ? Do they have the flu , or is this a contract fulfillment deal that makes them turn this half witted plot into a dull , pasty , lifeless drone ? I say burn it , and never mention it again .	-1
Every 4th of July I watch `` 1776 , '' the musical that has our Founding Fathers singing and dancing their way to Independency , and every time John and Abagail Adams sing goodbye to each other ( `` Till Then '' and `` Yours , Yours , Yours '' ) , I get choked up . William Daniels has his role of a lifetime as John Adams , the obnoxious and disliked Massachusetts delegate to the Continental Congress who is the most fervent advocate of independence ( `` Piddle , Twiddle and Resolve '' ) . Virginia Vestoff plays his wife Abigail , and their exchanges are based on the `` Dearest Friend '' correspondences they wrote to each other during the crucial summer of 1776 . However , the most unforgettable performance in `` 1776 '' comes from Howard Da Silva as Dr. Benjamin Franklin . The actor , who played movie villains for years , manages to convey not only Franklin 's wit but also his firm belief in the new race of `` Americans . '' Ken Howard plays Thomas Jefferson and joins with Adams and Franklin in the show 's two cutest numbers , `` But , Mr. Adams '' and `` The Egg . '' I have never cottoned `` The Lees of Old Virginia , '' the song sung by Richard Henry Lee ( Ron Holgate ) and where every lyric line ends with `` LY , '' but at the other end of the spectrum is the chilling `` Molasses to Rum to Slaves , '' the song about the Triangle Trade sung by South Carolina 's Edward Rutledge ( John Cullum ) . The ensemble cast brings the Second Continental Congress alive , with Roy Poole as Stephen Hopkins , David Ford as John Hancock and William Hansen as Caesar Rodney standing out . Most of the cast members were in the Tony Award winning original Broadway cast , although Blythe Danner replaces Betty Buckley as Martha Jefferson ( `` He Plays the Violin '' ) .Peter Stone 's book is remarkably accurate in relating the historical events ; the biggest error a historian would point to is that John Dickinson ( Donald Madden ) , did not show up the day of the crucial vote so that Pennsylvania would not kill Independence . But Broadway and Hollywood must be allowed to make things more dramatic . What makes `` 1776 '' so wonderful is how it teaches history while being so entertaining . The opening of the film , where the tirade by Mr. Adams against the do nothing Continental Congress is interrupted by the collective Founding Fathers jumping up and singing `` Sit Down , John , '' sets the tone and Peter H. Hunt 's film delivers throughout . The show 's best moment comes in `` Is Anybody There ? '' when John Adams , all alone in the quiet chamber , dreams of the pomp and pageantry of a free America.I also have the laserdisc version , which runs 176 minutes and includes 35 minutes of material originally cut from the film , including the song `` Cool , Considerate Men '' and alternative shots in several sequences . While the quality of the additional material is in very sad shape , fans of `` 1776 '' will take what they can get . Hopefully the complete film can be restored before we get to the DVD version ( hint , hint , hint ) . Granted , the idea of a musical about the Declaration of Independence seems bizarre ; I once blew off a chance to see `` 1776 '' on stage because I thought the idea was stupid . But this is a first-rate musical that makes the time and issues come alive , so that even thought we obviously know the outcome , we are enthralled because it looks like Mr. Adams will never get his Declaration adopted . If you are looking for a film to watch each 4th of July , `` 1776 '' is the one .	1
True classic movie . A must own for movie collectors . Amazing movie .	1
I do n't care what he does - he ca n't do wrong in my book . Comedy , drama , action - it does n't appear that he can not transform himself to fit any role . I 'd call that talent , skill , professionalism , ability , flexibility , too many positive adjectives to type here.I did n't even watch the on-line version but I did watch the movie nearer the time it was originally released . I just remember that the movie never disappoints and it seems like he brings his co-actors into a higher state of performance . Nothing really specific for you to latch on to in my remarks but talent is talent . Period.Buy it , watch it , enjoy it , in that order : ) I bought it , could n't watch it , could n't enjoy it . The first disc , with the movie on it , would n't play in any of my players - it would n't load or display anything . Of course since I did n't open and try to watch it until after the refund period I got screwed on this purchase . No refund , no movie.From now on , try every product you purchase from ANYWHERE within the first week ...	-1
Steven Spielberg plays executive producer for this cliche-laden , family-friendly sci-fi fairy tale , and it 's got his fingerprints all over it . Loaded with plucky working class heroes , cute anthropomorphic critters , moments of agonizing forced charm and stereotypical corporate villainy , it still might have worked under a craftier director . Instead , a second-rate cast extracts every ounce of ham from a very dimly-written script while they flounder around a slow , dull storyline . The effects work is good for the period , a must since the real stars of the picture are the small , hovering mechanical aliens that drive the plot , but beyond that it 's weak sauce even for a kids ' picture .	-1
the truth as I know it , I cry everytime I watch this movie , great doing business with saler , was fast .	1
I wish CTV would consider reissuing `` Sesame Street '' as a chronological series , starting with `` Season One , '' and working their way to the present ... I would love to see the old episodes as they were originally broadcast , not with a few select bits chopped up into the new , modern mix . The old shows were so wonderful ... plus that awful , whiny Elmo was nowhere to be seen ! Anyway , that 's my wish as a Sesame Street kid who now has a kid of my own ... PS - yay , Sesame Street !	1
Feel good movie even if you hate baseball . Kinda hokey but fun . he only really dumb part is Redford supposed to be a really young man in the begining . Make up has come a long way since this movie was made .	1
After witnessing the empty spectacle and failed futuristic warnings that permeate much of Norman Jewison 's & quot ; Rollerball , & quot ; I 've come to one conclusion : either you 'll be enthralled by the director 's eerie envisioning of a world in which no one makes their own decisions , or you wo n't believe a word of it.The film is a cross-stitch of science fiction , action , and human drama , all pasted together in what could resemble a construction paper school project made by an elementary school student , with little care devoted to its character development or central message . What we 're left with once the film reaches its drawn-out conclusion is a bland , unmoving , lifeless piece of filmmaking that desperately tries to be quietly powerful , but never succeeds.The film 's opening sequence is the true test of patience , serving as the defining moment when audience members will make the choice to stick it out or just abandon the concept entirely . It introduces us to the sport of rollerball , which , we are told , is a blend of football , motorcross and hockey , providing an outlet for the angst felt by the majority of citizens in a world where corporations have taken power over previous political rule.Some questions arise from such facts : how does this game provide a vent for such furor if the players in the game are heralded by the corporations who are seemingly the cause of their hardships ? Do they have any hardships at all ? What is the corporation , and what are its intentions and laws ? Also , what are the rules of the game ? What are its guidelines ? For what purpose do people partake of such a sport , other than to cheer at the senseless and brutal violence that they bear witness to ( and they call today 's movies violent ) ? At the center of this surrealism is revered rollerballer Jonathan ( James Caan ) , known by rollerball fans and the corporate heads to be the best of the best when it comes to this sport . Underneath his wallow in fame and fortune , Jonathan has a distinct love for the game , as well as a longing for his long-departed wife , who was taken from him by the corporation to serve as the wife of an executive.Soon after his latest bout , Jonathan is informed that the corporation intends for him to depart from the sport of rollerball in a television appearance that will air around the world . Defiant of those who would try to prevent him from doing what he loves , he presses on with the game , despite the inclusion of a new set of rules and pressure from all around to do what everyone else thinks is sensible.This also bring about a second set of questions : again , why does the corporation so strongly wish for him to leave the sport ? The movie explains it as a fear of his growing popularity , but nothing in-depth is ever revealed . Also , if the corporation is as powerful as they are portrayed , would they not have the ability to remove him without giving him a choice ? Perhaps , but this would prevent the inclusion of the film 's tedious third act , in which Jonathan does some soul-searching to ponder life in such a hostile world. & quot ; Rollerball 's & quot ; main problem lies within its inept storytelling . There 's not a single moment in the film that provides its audience a reason to understand its so-called message about the future of our world , much less believe in its main character 's struggle to prove his aggressors wrong . The overall feel of the film is empty and listless , devoid of the emotion or plausibility needed to sell us on its ideals .	-1
Mary Shelley 's Frankenstein is a refreshing trip back to the late 18th century , and how science was evolving as man 's curiosity takes the place of rational thinking . Here we have Robert DeNiro playing the monster , and he turns in a respectable performance . I thought all of the acting in this movie was generally good , and the environments really brought the novel to life . Sure , the writers put their own spin on a few scenes ( which I do n't want to mention and therefore spoil ) , but it adds to the overall feel of the movie . The monster is a bit human-like , but I think that it was a deliberate attempt to depict Frankenstein as a more intelligent and tangible being . There are quite a few graphic scenes , but then again , what does one expect from an intense story like this ? This movie is filled with emotion , which is one of its strongest points . Overall , a very watchable movie that does the novel some justice .	1
Loved this movie when it came out on VH1 and just had to have it . Even if you are not a fan of baseball , it is a great story to prove thatyou can do anything you put your mind to again .	1
If you would like some great entertainment then get the original - The Philadelphia Story with Cary Grant , Katharine Hepburn , and James Stewart . You wo n't be dissapointed .	-1
Guilty pleasure filmmaking at its finest . The story is as old as time , devoid of originality or insight . The acting is atrocious , even old salt Olivier . Ahh , but the music ... ..campy , overwrought , silly , yet compelling as a train wreck .	-1
Frank Horrigan is a secret service agent who keeps thinking back to November 22 , 1963 , when , as a hand-picked agent by President Kennedy , he became one of the few agents to have lost a President to an assassin when Kennedy died . Now , former CIA assassin Mitch Leary is stalking the current President , who is running for re-election . Mitch has spent long hours studying Horrigan , and he taunts Horrigan , telling him of his plans to kill the President . Leary plans to kill the president because Leary feels betrayed by the government , Leary was removed from the CIA , and the CIA is now trying to have him killed . After talking to Leary , Horrigan makes sure he is assigned to presidential protection duty , working with fellow secret service agent Lilly Raines . Horrigan has no intention of failing his President this time around , and he 's more than willing to take a bullet . White House Chief of Staff Harry Sargent refuses to alter the President 's itinerary , while Horrigan 's boss , Secret Service Director Sam Campagna , is supportive of Horrigan . As the election gets closer , Horrigan begins to doubt his own abilities , especially when Horrigan 's colleague Al D'Andrea is killed by Leary . But Horrigan may be the only one who can stop Leary . `` In The Line of Fire '' delivers a great game of cat and mouse . Quite simply a well-made , well-written and wonderfully acted movie . Eastwood is classic as grizzled Secret Service Agent Frank Horrigan and Rene Russo holds her own as partner Lilly Raines . The movie 's greatness comes from John Malkovich as `` Booth '' . He captures this character 's rage and hatred , as well as his humanity . A great movie to see and peek into an assassin 's mind and be on the edge of your seat the whole way through . I highly recommend it .	1
I invited three of my friends over to watch this and all three of them left half-way through the movie it was so bad . The dialouge is awful and the story is boring . Just because people sit around doing nothing in real life does n't mean it 's interesting to watch.Only hardcore Ice Cube fans will like this movie . If you want to see a good Ice Cube movie watch Anaconda .	-1
Shirley MacLaine is a pistol in this movie . A definite matriarch . I love the underlying story for Nicholas Cage becoming her body guard . Really Good Movie .	1
The movie was the best I ever saw funny cute and sexy good jokes excellent lines to learn from so go buy it watch it with a friends bring all and enjoy Ty The girl friend a must go buy now popcorn drinks	1
I watched the Passion of the Christ with my atheist husband . While we were watching all of the blood and guts flying around . He asked a wonderful question . What is the point of this movie ? What is the movie trying to say ? Then I realize that he is totally right this movie does n't really say anything . All we mostly see is Jesus brutally dying on a cross and flashbacks of his life for cheap thrills . I am a Christian and I thought that this movie really did n't have a point . I already knew that Jesus suffered before he died ; it did n't really affect me seeing it so graphically.What I mean is that if you see it from an atheist 's point of view , there is no point to the movie . The movie does n't tell us why Jesus was dying on a cross . Since the movie 's focus is on Jesus ' suffering , the message gets lost to non-believers . Personally , I was more affected by the Book of John than by this movie . Jesus had a lot of love for people in that movie and you could n't help but love Him . You do n't get that watching this movie.Now I would recommend this movie to people who really hate Christians and love seeing artwork of crucifix 's mutilated . You guys can watch Jesus suffering over and over again and laugh your heads off .	-1
This film is just as charming & funny as when I first saw it in 1987 . Unquestionably , one of Martin 's best , ranking alongside `` L.A. Story '' , `` Planes , Trains & Automobiles '' and `` Parenthood '' .Only Martin could weave a whimsical romantic tale of a Seattle fire chief ( with a prominent proboscis ) who adores the beautiful Roxanne ( Darryl Hannah , naturally ) , who 's infatuated with the hunky new fireman ( timid but likeable Rick Rossovich ) who likes her too -- -but is terrified of talking to her.Martin modernizes the Cyrano deBergerac story with wonderful comic touches : A `` sword '' duel with tennis rackets & ski equipment ; Martin contending with a hopelessly inept fire crew ; a show-stopping bar scene in which Martin cuts a bullying lout down to size with a `` nose joke marathon '' ; and Martin coaching a bumbling Rossovich on how to romance Hannah . Yet , Martin wisely retains the heart of deBergerac 's original themes : Believing in oneself and the delirious intoxication of being in love.An overlooked comedy -- -and if you 're a Steve Martin fan , then this one 's a must !	1
I was dragged kicking and screaming to this one by a lady friend . I have actually found a few chick-flicks watchable and mildly entertaining , but found this one especially cheeky , corny , and predictable . An excrutiating looong 2 hours !	-1
Funny , edgy , and tragic , Van Sant presents us with a brilliant portrayal of society 's naked ambition and hunger for fame and notoriety . The movie was funnier and more satirical than the book . Kidman is great as Suzanne Maretto -- she 's evil incarnate disguised as a cute , perky blonde with a penchant for bright , sunny-colored , coordinated outfits and loud makeup . On the night Larry was killed is when we first see her wearing a dark color . Underneath the Barbie doll is a despicable , dastardly soul hungry to join the ranks of Barbara Walters and Connie Chung . At the same time , we know that Suzanne , for all her disturbed efforts , will never , ever make it in big-time broadcasting . She does n't have the smarts or the savvy , but in her warped mind , she thinks it is her husband Larry that 's holding her back . Kidman is especially brilliant when her Suzanne tries so hard to be professional when delivering the weather reports , but ends up sounding silly and amateurish . Kidman is also great during the cocktail scene with the dirty old network executive and his sycophants , because she makes Suzanne sounds so cluelessly stupid . Additionally , I am amazed at how well Kidman mastered the American accent . Joanquin Phoenix rivals Kidman 's performance with his portrayal of the dim metalhead Jimmy Emmett , Suzanne 's teenage loverboy and husband assasinator . Alison Folland is also superb as the overweight misfit Lydia Mertz , who is dazzled and bewitched by Suzanne . The movie format is that of a series of interviews of the main characters , tied together with continous commentary by Suzanne which turns out to be a video she is making for her interview with a big-time network executive . It is Suzanne 's over-inflated ego and delusions of grandeur which renders her blind to evil in herself and in others ; she fails to see that the bigwig network executive is a cold-blooded killer like herself . Joyce Maynard , the author , makes an Alfred Hitchcock-like cameo appearance in the film as well . For me , the most chilling part ( no pun intended here ) was seeing the frozen body of Suzanne underneath the ice in her little coral pink business suit and gold Monet jewelry . One of the most hilarious and telling scenes was the shot of Faye Stone ( Suzanne 's overshadowed sister ) and Janice Maretto as bridesmaids in Suzanne 's wedding . As Suzanne 's bridal bouquet sails through the air , these two bridesmaids deliberately move away to avoid catching the flowers . Another fun scene was Janice Maretto skating blithely across the pond that has become Suzanne 's tomb . She was the perfect character to end the film with , as she was the only one who immediately saw through Suzanne 's cutesy facade .	1
The psychiatrist said , `` It 's not uncommon ... it happens to a lot of young women . '' And then diagnosed the young ( female ) patient with a `` borderline '' personality disorder . What that means is `` she does n't seem right '' ; `` she 's not getting it '' -- and that means the young woman was brought up among people with 'resources ' and she is not doing everything according to their cultural ethos so her parents will have `` bragging rights '' about what university she will attend , which would mean they were great parents ( which , in essence they were ) but they , as parents would worry about that -- all parents did during this period : with 'means ' or not ) , because there is this factor that her failure to adhere to the cultural'tracts ' and expectations means that a reflection falls upon the parents and affects their status in their local community and society . Such was the culture during this period . Parents were totally concerned about their reputations in the community -- It means and meant an awful lot . And still today , but then , during this period , it was an obsession with parents . People killed to save their reputation and status : checkout `` Perry Mason '' . Parents were very serious about `` loosing face . '' And often their children would embarass them in a timeless teen rebellion . As a last-ditched effort the parents who could afford it sent their children to a sanotorium , other parents set them out into their own independent lives.It is obvioius by the characters that some of these young women wanted to step out of the proverbial box and go it on their own and that caused them problems inside . They felt 'wrong ' and their parents and community supported that sense of wrong , but at the same time they felt 'right ' for themselves ; they found they could not comply with the collective sense that was in place for proper development : `` Just do as you 're told and you 'll be fine , '' but it caused problems inside . It caused confusion , agitation , resistance and depression and it is very hard to get through this in your young life and make it to the other side where light and life is for you.For a young woman to say she wanted to 'write ' without getting a college degree or without getting married first was defined as being 'unfavorable ' and more like a 'bum ' but today we invite writing careers because sometimes they take off into lucrative careers . Today , women pick and choose when to get married , when to have children and how many , all such as that , but still : SOME young women will have a really hard time , a really serious `` mind jam '' and ca n't get on with their life . ( Well , young men too ... everybody gets jammed at middleaged ; so we all go through brain jams that are difficult to get by and live through but they are more natural than crazy : some of us experienced people say . ) Afterall , 'crazy ' means you 're not mentally compatible with everyone else.In the meantime , life is going on and more events happen that sometimes does something like `` shock therapy '' and `` we wake up to smell the coffee '' eventually ; by then we may be fifty or sixty . We awaken to the fact that life is not something we can really change or design to our liking directly ; this is other life going on that we can not controll . It is something that we may be able to 'structure ' , 'order ' and 'manage ' to a certain extent but we still have to live through it to the other side.Then , there were young women in the sanotorium in this movie who were basically 'kids ' and would remain basically kids for all their lives ; they trade their parents for caretakers in a luxury sanotorium . Independence and 'be strong and face the world ' is a bunch of crap , their minds might say . I prefer to just sit here and be here and not have to deal with people and their criticisms . I 'll be a criticism . But some parents ca n't afford a luxury sanotorium , Whoopi 's character tells one of the patients.I liked that line a lot : `` It happens to a lot of young women '' ... .it may just happen to all young people . Growing up is hard to do : getting reality straight and feeling our drives pushing us and desiring what we should n't have ( all of that ) and having dreams and wishes in the mind and not realizing what to do with them ... all of that is very difficult to get through and learn but most of us eventually do it.It takes quite a bit of adjusting ( in stages ) to live adult life in a 'real sense ' and by the time a young woman does get her bearings she may have had some traumatic events early on that she ca n't take back , she ca n't erase , that has ruined her 'perfect ' life ... and so on , but then , for her to get well she has to keep going and learn hardcore that there is no such thing as a perfect life where people do n't die from just about anything , and there is no such thing as perfect people that will not break rules , and , lie and cheat , and that their own life and living is not so broken , not as broken ... as it seems to be because 'normal ' is a wide field of gray ; it is the formulaic structure , plan and goal for the IDEAL life that gets in the way.Real life is very hard to take if you 're a stark idealist . And an ideal life is hard to take if you prone to more realism.I think this movie is an American classic in many ways . It is right on . The characters are so believable . ( And no , Angelina Jolie does not over-act . She places the role . Without her performance we would not have felt we were in a mental ward in an upper income sanotorium . Like Whoopi Goldberg 's character said , `` I 've worked at the public institutions ... '' Bravo for the performances ! ! ! Suggestion : Give this to a troubled young girl before she goes off the edge . Show her what the edge really looks like . And do n't think the real-life nurses do not know when you 're not taking the pills , they do . They may just feel that their job requirement is to give you the pill and not too much else . But , the young people in the sanotorium do feel that when they hurt themselves deliberately they are hurting someone else. -- MO	1
This movie is one of the best thrillers I 've seen.If you like very smart and intense thrillers , then you should check this one out , but if you only like thrillers that are much more understandable , then you should check PHONE BOOTH .	1
I like Jet Li but this movie is so faked it was impossible to get into the story . We are suppose to beleive this is the Bay Area of California but we see the Vancouver B.C . 's skyline , and locations and mountains , scene after scene , only the license plates and flags have been changed to protect the innocent . I just could not take any of it seriously . Lets have more truth in location . Pleeeease !	-1
I 'm 20 years old and have lived a life where I openly believe in Anarchy without knowing much about what GOD stands for . This and that and that is that but this is that kinda life.I constantly would try to punch in my logic each time someone would suggest something to the effect that points out their belief in GOD.After watching this movie on a Thursday night I felt a way I have never felt before . I was simpy taken aback to an extent I never thought I could be . I was shivering when it was all done . I closed my eyes and cried . I cried cause I felt cheated and felt wasted . I think it simply is the most significant film I have seen in my life . But then you 'd ask Why ? In my opinion , I think this movie portrays the history of the world . It symbolises what faith stands for . Its the greatest story ever told . ( I think the subtitle barrier which a lot of people very conveniently claim is there reason for not watching the film should be avoided ) Now I watch a lot of commercial movies but I think this movie was influencial in a way I cant comprehend owing to my limited comprehension abilities.I still do n't believe in God . I just do n't talk about it .	1
Was not all that impressed with Brad Pitt as a performer till I watched this film . Now I am . Great film .	1
This is a keeper ! What a movie ! Where was I when this movie came out ? This is a great romance although it has a very sad ending.This is a must see if you love romance and passion . I do n't want to say too much because it 's a complicated movie to discribe . It 's intriguing.Both the main actors are outstanding and you will feel their love and their pain.You need to order this one right now ladies , just get it ! You will not be disappointed !	1
The humor in this movie keeps me watching again and again ! Great for the entire family ! We like to save it for holidays when all ages are around the house !	1
On a nostalgia kick recently , I stocked up on several martial arts thrillers I loved ten years or so back , including this little stinker , KICKBOXER.An early Van Damme flick , this followed the superior ( as I recall - I 'm no longer willing to refresh my memory ) BLOODSPORT released one year earlier , and the & quot ; plot & quot ; is the cookie-cutter revenge for maimed/killed relative standard for this genre and , because all anyone watching this wants is the action , that is easily overlooked . Still , the screenplay is SO bad , it is hard to sit through the slow bits ( and there are a lot ) to get to the fight scenes . The acting is just plain terrible as well . Van Damme 's acting skills had n't matured ( try not to laugh ) yet and Dennis Alexio 's & quot ; performance , & quot ; even for a non-actor , as Van Damme 's brother is downright painful to watch . The show-stealer here is the largely silent Michel Qissi as Tong Po , radiating real evil . This performance , however , no matter how strong , could not save this film.The big & quot ; final fight , & quot ; as usual is the highlight of this movie , but it 's simply not worth sitting through the terrible soundtrack ( oh my , it 's bad ) , screenplay , and acting to get to it . Still , the film spawned at least four sequels , so perhaps I 'm missing some of the appeal . As far as my hunger for late 80s action cheese , I 'll have to stick with Steven Seagal - KICKBOXER left a bad taste in my mouth . One star because the sixteen year-old in me once found something to love in this movie and one star for Michel Qissi .	-1
Gawd , Do you mean to tell me that VANITY FAIR has been split into 6 videos ? In Australia , the series has been put onto 2 videos with 3 episodes on each tape . Natasha Little is superb in this lavish production and Eleanor Bron is good in her brief appearance in Part 4 .	1
..not my first choice for a romantic comedy . Adam Sandler acts in his movies ( that applies to Big Daddy too ) as if he 's Bruce Lee , who is afraid of no one , and could lift a mountain with one of his fingers . At least that 's what appears from his threatening tone when he speaks it ( and he does that a lot . ) Pros : *Some parts are very funny ( like Sandler 's version of Madonna 's & quot ; Holiday & quot ; ) .Cons : *Those parts are n't that much . *A lot of childish humor , especially near the end.Bottom line : kind of enetertaining , especially the first half , but gets too emotional and childish near the end .	-1
Wife did not ( I would have not watched either ) want to watch this since there were animals being slaughtered at the beginning of the movie ... hence , she opted out.I would have done likewise .	-1
It 's a terrible movie ... but , then again , sometimes I enjoy terrible movies ! Not this one , however ; it is just bad .	-1
See my review for BATMAN . This is more of the same , only even worse . However , it has Michelle Pfeiffer as Catwoman . She single-handedly elevates this into almost worth watching . I still love her , even though this and FRANKIE AND JOHNNY are her two really good roles ... and THE RUSSIA HOUSE .	-1
I 've been waiting years for this DVD , so I bought it the first day of release . The wrapper promised high quality Digital Remastered image . What went wrong ? They apparently did n't think to clean the film of dust ( there are some real whoppers that flash by ) , and spots reveal that the lenses were dirty as well . I 've got DVDs of 1930 's movies that look better than this . Shame on Paramount ! Rent this before you buy , check it out , and see if you really want to reward them .	-1
STEPMOM is an excellent movie . It includes Julia Roberts , Susan Sarandon and Ed Harris , in this touching movie about family . Ed Harris plays Luke , who is divorced from Jackie ( Susan Sarandon ) and seeing Isabel ( Julia Roberts ) . Jackie & Luke have two kids , Ben and Anna . There is definate animosity between Jackie & Isabel , and the kids . Isabel does her best but nothing seems to be good enough for Jackie . As the movie progresses however , Jackie & Isabel bond over certain experiences . Anna who is having difficulty accepting her father 's new fiance , struggles in her every day life , but in the end learns to accept the situation . ... The movie is a touching tale about how a family comes together through crisis , and learns to live with each other again . This is definately a tear jerker , but the performances are strong all around . I highly reccomend this movie .	1
Plan 9 From Outer Space was worse than this steaming pile , but they did n't have the lavish budget to waste that this one did.Every show biz cliche imaginable is dragged out , but in such a clumsy , trying-but-failing-to-be-manipulative way , that your jaw drops to the floor , and you are entertained , almost against your will . Also , there are really spectacular dance scenes , and lots of female flesh for the eyes to feast on.But the story and the dialogue and the direction are stupid . The red haired actor who plays the choreographer also played the Wig Master for Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat on an episode of Seinfeld . Kramer somehow misses seeing the show and as consolation , is allowed to walk down Broadway wearing the Tecnicolor Dreamcoat . He is then mistaken for a pimp and arrested . Perhaps that whole sequence was intended as an homage to Showgirls , and one can only wish that Joe Esterhauz could have been arrested for pimpin ' this ridiculous movie .	-1
I can sum up my critique of DUNE with a mere three words : do n't watch it.There are a number of marvelous things in this movie , but they are few enough to count , and each positive is ridiculously topped by a host of failures . Francesca Annis , Sian Phillips , Sting , and Linda Hunt are at worst interesting , at best quite good ; the rest of the huge cast , with Kyle MacLachlan a case in point , is about as exciting as trailer park garage sale furniture . The art designs are interesting ; the special effects , however , are ludicrously bad beyond all description . But the core problem is the script.The novel is largely unfilmable , and unless you 've actually read it ( and I recommend it ; it is an extraordinary work ) you 'll never be able to discern what is supposed to be going on . And & quot ; supposed to be going on & quot ; is a key phrase , for the very little that could be successfully transferred from the book actually was . If you 're masochistic enough to actually want to sit through this extremely long , ponderous , self-important , and largely unintelligible movie , do yourself a favor and either catch it on the late-late show or rent it from your favorite video store when they have a dollar-day . At least that way you wo n't kick yourself for having wasted too much money .	-1
Terrible picture . Bad acting ( Mastrantonio singing is something unbeliavable , so bad it is ) , slow direction , no climax , absurd ending ( or lack of it ! ) . An indulgent film all the way , you sense the director is sure he is doing a masterpiece with low budget , but he is not ! Strathairn saves himself , the rest is bad , man , really bad .	-1
I really liked this one when it came out it was a differnt type movie than the regular ones . worth watching for sure .	1
I 've seen Sean Penn in a few films now and they 're all good . Oliver Stone is one of the finest men in film production . It 's visually stunning , loads of mad camera pans and colour blast-outs ! Jennifer Lopez is attractive an alluring who had sex with Nick Nolte who played her father . Sean Penn car breaks down in the middle of the desert he has to get this money to a bunch of bad guys or else he 's dead they already cut off two of his fingers .	1
Whether you believe in Jesus holiness being the messiah or simply a regular human being , you can not deny this movie touched you in a way . Many people do n't wish to understand that this movie is not about Jesus being tortured , but what he went through in his final moments on earth . Many also state that it is impossible that one can handle such beating and still be able to walk with a huge cross on its back . I did my thoroughly investigation after I watched this film for the first time , browsing through websites from people that have studied such brutal events like the crucifixion . I even watched a special documentary on the Discovery Channel when this movie was released in the theaters , regarding Jesus deaths and all events he went through and they all concluded that it was not pretty to witness it . Back in those times many people were crucified and they had to endure torturous procedures before being killed in the cross . And Jesus , convicted for ` swearing ' he was the son of God , might of actually tolerated a bit more than the usual.It was a movie that took a lot of bravery and valor from Mel Gibson to make , and that courage paid off with this great film which includes terrific acting and cinematography . ` The Passion of the Christ ' does contain a lot of violence and gore , something one must have in mind if they are easily offended by that subject .	1
Loved , loved , loved this new take on what was one of my favorite TV series of all time . The characters were beautifully drawn , and the plot ( s ) of each episode made me remember just why the original UD was so wonderful . I miss Mr. Hudson , but there are compensations , and every episode is a little gem . I just wish I could count on years and years of new episodes . In the USA we do n't have any idea how to make this kind of TV , more 's the pity .	1
After waiting decades to enjoy this film the way I saw it in the movie theater as a child , what does Disney do ? They glibly release the DVD in fullscreen format , even going so far as to list one of the `` Special Features '' on the jacket as `` Fullscreen ( 1.33:1 ) '' . The `` breathtaking Scottish countryside '' mentioned on the box is nearly obscured in the film due to the cropping on all sides.While the image and sound quality are superior to the VHS version , poor Bobby would cry at this fullscreen treatment by Eisner and his cronies . It 's possible that this film was done in fullscreen like Darby O'Gill , but a dislaimer in the box like was done in Darby would be nice .	-1
This is the kind of movie that should have never gotten to a studio once the script was written . It 's so fake and it would never happen.Harrison Ford is the president and he 's kidnapped aboard his plane by a terrorist Gary Oldman . He 's negotating for the release of some of his comrades to the vice president played by Glen Close . Ford wo n't give up without a fight and he 's determined to save his family and friends without Oldmans plans being met.The movie is so fake it 's sad . The plane would have been destroyed by pressure . It gets laced with 100 's of rounds of ammo . Come on you have to make is somewhat believable . Wolfgang Peterson should be slapped upside the head for putting something like that in a movie.Glen Close is horrible . Her dramatics are over the top . The fact that her character negotiates for the president is stupid . We do n't negotiate with terrorists and the fact that they put that in his dumb . It 's so fake.The refueling plane blowing up is dumb . There are so many saftey devices in place that would never happen like that . You have to mkae a movie at look least real if your trying to make an action drama like this and it 's not.Russia would never give up dangerous men either . They 'd tell us they felt bad for the president being in danger and would tell us to shove are demands where the sun do n't shine.This movie is way to fake . I could n't enjoy it because it would never happen . I enjoy action dramas and this is one of the worst ones I 've ever seen . If they had decided to make this more a drama and not so much action I might have been able to go along with it . The cast is awesome for the movie and a drama could have worked . The cast and talents are wasted . Why this made so much money I do n't know . I guess people are stupid enough to follow the story . Do n't waste your time or money on this one .	-1
As a professional puppeteer myself , I can look at this production a bit differently than other viewers . I am sometimes critical of the manipulation and content of some Muppet productions , but Emmet Otter is one of the finest puppet creations by the Muppets or any other puppeteer I know . It departs for what can be called & quot ; Muppet cute & quot ; and , except for some brief sections of the talent show that are more typical Muppet , is a beautiful film . The music could not be better , the voice are perfection and the manipulation flawless . Normally the Muppets use hand , rod and mouth puppets , but there are sections of this production that also use marionettes ( string puppets ) . Whenever there are long shots of the characters walking or skating on the ice , these are the marionettes . Everything about the production is of exceptional quality . There are wonderfully & quot ; quiet & quot ; sections that are delightful and add a lot to the tone of the story.The story is one of the most uplifting and delightful of all the Christmas specials . It is a tape that can be watched over and over at any time of year . The message that love is the most important thing should not be confined to just one season.I have had my copy of & quot ; Emmet Otter & quot ; since it first came out on a Disney release so am not aware of any editing . However , I have given copies of the newer version to friends and they have all loved it , so unless you are a puriest , enjoy one of the BEST holiday productions ever .	1
This movie is just terrible . Holy Man tries to juggle all aspects of emotions but drops the ball . It 's not funny , it 's not romantic , it 's not warm , and it 's especially not worth your time .	-1
so i finally watched the movie after i heard all it 's praise , and it was n't worth the money . So the book has potential because i thought the story was alright , but things were dragged on incredibly long . Such as the rape scenes , those were show much longer than actually needed . so i say again that maybe the book show more potenial . but as for the movie , it 's another thing ruined by the decade of the 70 's .	-1
I sort of fell upon this video by Smith on accident while browsing the library shelves for a yoga fix . I like Tae Bo , and so I thought I would check this one out for a change of pace . ( I like Billy Blanks a lot , but some days I just need to spend time with other people . Hee hee . ) I enjoyed the video a lot , so I bought the DVD.I think the DVD is a lot better than the video . You can correct me if I am wrong , but the DVD has a lot of extra goodies on it that I do not recall seeing on the video . Some of the extra goodies include a 15-minute Tai Chi workout with Kelly ( the red-haired woman ) and a few basic martial arts lessons with Keith Cooke ( also approximately 15 minutes ) . I do not find it as challenging as the Tae Bo `` Get Ripped '' workouts , but it still does its job extremely well and I enjoy it very much.Just keep in mind that this workout is in no way any kind of lesson in self-defense . This is a kickboxing workout . It is not a tutorial in streetfighting any more than a boot-camp workout would be a tutorial in how to fight in a combat zone.= )	1
The directors define their job as storytelling . That 's what my review will be about.I first watched this movie when I was at Mathilda 's age so it was a great timing so I could communicate with the character while watching the movie . Now , at the age of 20 , I bought the DVD with additional footage and watched the movie again with a whole different eye . I wo n't write anything about the story . I thought the story was good enough for an american movie . Still I think so . The acting was topnotch , especially Natalie Portman . When you watch a child actor for the first time in a movie , you measure his/her acting realated to the age . You say & quot ; Good for a child & quot ; . But Natalie plays like she 's a professional actress doing this for a long time , which doubles the success of the movie . Because mostly , if there 's a child actor in the movie , you dislike it because you dislike the child 's acting.So , there are great actors/actresses , there 's a good plot , there 's great ending , which is 50 % of any movie I think , and there 's great score by Eric Serra . ( There 's isolated score in the DVD for soundtrack fans like me ) But there are some glitches related to the & quot ; storytelling & quot ; . My favorite director is Robert Zemeckis because I like the way he tells his story . Steven Spielberg and James Cameron are also great storytellers , also Lucas . Besson is also good but he 's a little bit light.If you watched Fight Club , you 'll understand what I mean . There are several ways to tell stories . One is & quot ; Fight Club & quot ; style I think . There 's no logic in what you see but there 's logic in the plot . One is Zemeckis Style . He tells really seriously his stories , you do n't see anything which you can not see . But he does with a great magic.Some directors ( weak ones ) ca n't catch any of the two spirits I mentioned above . Besson , I think is between being Zemeckis and weak . There are incredibly great moments in the movie , especially the final . But there are some freebee editing and storytelling thoroughout the movie , so it makes the movie 4 stars instead of 5 . But again , it 's one of the best movies made in & quot ; Hollywood & quot ; so far because it 's real , even though it 's a bit heroic . The love though , is not so much believable because Matilda is too young . But hey , I 'm not from America , and I 'm not a girl . Still , it doubts me if Matilda can really fall in love with Leon.So , you know the movie , buy this edition and get the real movie not the censored one .	1
I love the picture quality . The color and grain are perfect for my taste . But I 'm having a huge problem with the musical numbers . The soundtrack is fine during the dialogue , but as soon as a musical number starts , the vocals drop . I have tried every single sound channel , and this does n't fix it . I have the sound coming from the tv as I ca n't afford a sound system at the moment . I 've even tried changing the sound on the tv . Any ideas ? I tried contacting Warner Home Video months and months ago , but they have never responded .	-1
This decent but far from excellent drama has a couple of good moments and manages to give some insight into the American Civil War , still it ` s way too overrated and glorified . Director Edward Zwick wants to praise the black soldiers ` stenght and relevant contribution , yet unfortunately his perspective is too similar to that of an average , altough well-intended , TV-movie . Sure , there are plenty of good performances here ( Matthew Broderick , Denzel Washington , Morgan Freeman , most of the cast is fine , to be fair ) and the settings are competent enough , but the movie drags in many moments , has too many patchy scenes and the annoying and awe-inspiring score doesn ` t help . & quot ; Glory & quot ; is a relevant document , not quite a particularly strong and impressive cinematic experience . It ` s overlong , predictable and more PC than it really needed to , delivering an ok but nothing special movie . Good to kill a couple of hours and even think a bit , but a masterpiece it is not.Competently made and watchable enough .	-1
How far does the Q-tip have to go until this gets funny ? Its unwatchably stupid . I really can not put my finger on why I dislike this movie so much , I just do . It could be Jim Carrey 's stupid faces he makes throughout the movie . Like that whole fish face thing in his dream sequence before he gets punched out . Stupid beyond all recognition . Its ashame , too , because I do like Jim Carrey . Its one of those movies where I imagine myself sucker-punching the main characters . I feel like I am out of the loop because everyone I know loves this movie .	-1
In viewing the film , I happened to miss the opening titles , but in sumbmitting this review , I was shocked to find that John Schlesinger , one of my all time favorite directors , had something to do with this nonsense . Plus it hardly has a happy ending . Gay man and straight woman try to raise young son ... all is not well on the homefront ! Madonna , first off looks horrid . Despite a well toned body , she has become frightening for me to look at . Though her acting is always slightly above average , the trite dialogue is not pulled off by either her or the always fine performances of Rupert Everett.On another note , I 'm actually beginning to believe that Neil Patrick Harris is gay . ( Did n't he turn up on Will & amp ; Grace last season ? ) This actor is so talented ! After all , we all believed that Doogie Howser really WAS a doctor ! His emotional performance of a man that looses his lover to AIDS should not go unnoticed.A few years back , there was a film that was similar in subject matter called The Object Of My Affection , with Jennifer Aniston , which ran circles around this movie . Mainly because it included something known as & quot ; a good script & quot ; . Something this film clearly does n't have.On the plus side , you have to give Schlesinger credit though for bringing to the screen what other directors would never in a million years . Next time John , read the script first .	-1
*Warning : Spoiler*I can not believe people , excuse me , some women are giving this movie four and five stars.Interesting premise , and it could have been a good , believeable movie -- but it was sooo syrupy . If this is what it 's like to be in love , please somebody shoot me ( note : I 've been in real love for 27 years now . ) I got through the movie and probably would have given the movie a 3 and a half until the very end . Why the blankity-blank-blank does somebody always have to die at or near the end for the movie to be a `` good movie '' ? I felt like I was drowning in estrogen by the time the movie was over . Would n't it have been more intriquing to leave the movie somehow pondering how this new love was going to all work out ? That , at least , would have made the movie more intriquing , believeable and redeeming . If ever a movie was made to force tears , this is it.This movie stinks and I do n't mind telling you so -- and it 's not just because I 'm a man either . Imo , there 's not much difference between this movie and a stupid , blatant Steven Segall movie where testosterone is promenaded around like it 's the elixir of heaven . Same coin , different sides.The movie should be given a `` one '' -- no a `` negative one '' just for the stupid ending , but other redeeming factors make it a `` two . '' Still not worth seeing -- i.e. , unless you 're into infuriating yourself . ** Note : Even my wife and daughter -- both chick-flick connousiours -- hate this movie.I have n't checked yet , but I think my dogs do too . **Another note : These two good actors needed a better movie . See Ryan in the superb `` Courage Under Fire '' , or the Jim Morrison movie , or `` When Harry Met Sally '' -- which I do n't categorize as a `` chick flick '' but as a good romantic comedy , i.e. , not contrived.And Nicholas Cage , star of the greatest movie of all time ( Raising Arizona ) , I 'm so tired of him I wan na puke . Anytime I see a movie trailer with him starring in it my unconscious immediately thinks `` Nicholas Cage stars in it ? ... Not wasting my money on that one . ''	-1
Hard to think that people are not all perfect , but are still worth love . This takes a look at bizarre personality traits that still can focus on love . I am not the best fan of either of these actors but they did a great job with what I imagine is a more realistic plot than the chick flick movies .	1
I bought the 20th anniversary addition thinking the dvd was getting an overhaul , plus all the cool extras , I was wrong . Its the same 2003 version just with a different picture on the disc and dvd cover and for 31 $ thats not worth it . All the extra stuff is cool and so is the tin , but to reissue the same disc with no extras just is n't very cool , especially when I already own the 2003 special edition . So save your money and buy the 2003 version or upgrade to Blu Ray .	-1
GARDENS OF STONE ( 1987 ) Produced and Directed by Francis Ford Coppola . Score by Carmine Coppola.Starring James Caan , Anjelica Huston , Dean Stockwell , Mary Stuart Masterson , Lonette McKee , Laurence Fishburne and James Earl Jones.The film purports to be about the U. S. Army 's Old Guard who handle the burial detail of veterans at Arlington cemetery and three sergents -- two older and one young and the various women and others in their lives during the Vietnam War in the late 60s.Actually what it is is a great -- though not unclever -- Trojan Horse as Coppola -- perhaps disatisfied with how APOCALYPSE NOW came out -- makes another go at the Commie prop Anti Vietnam War film . However it is now 1987 and Ronald Reagan is reducing the Soviet Union to the dust of history and millions are being liberated ... ... ... except for Indochina . And so we have a great many Liberals with egg on their faces who have spent the last two decades smearing the American Soldier and generally making an ass of themselves . So how can we relieve them of the responsibility of their actions ? Well how about the old rhetorical ploy of reversing reality -- when in danger of losing a debate simply accuse your opponent of being what they are against and against what they are for . To wit : A patriotic American is really anti-American . A conservative is really a fascist . Christians are just like Moslem Barbarians . Or here . Have the main military characters be against the Vietnam War . Instead of having the teenage character be the font of wisdom before hapless adults , have the adults be the wise ones ... ... ..as long as it is the teen who supports the war while the adults oppose it . Portray the military characters in a positive light and not as drooling incompetent drug addled Nazi baby killer rapists ... ... ..but only those that agree with the Party Line . Those who support the War are still drooling incompetent drug addled Nazi baby killer rapists but only offscreen . And finally have the main military character approve of the Leftist antiwar character ( who earlier referred to American 's actions in the War as genocide ) when she tells him that she will do everything in her power to insure America 's defeat to such a degree that he asks her to marry her . SEE ? ? ? The Left are not anti-military ! ! We portrayed two soldiers in a good light and even allowed one of our women to associate with him ! ! SEE ? ? We did not betray the country and the Vietnamese people . The Military ( or rather one member of the military ) agrees with us ! ! ! It was not our fault ! ! We were right ! ! We are always right ... ... ..even when we are wrong.Coppola goes through the motions of pretending to present all sides of the issues but the dialogue is incredibly shallow and empty . Really just variations of `` I 'M FER IT ! ! I 'M AGIN IT ! ! '' repeted ad nauseum . A serious discussion of the Vietnam War pro and con is NOT a conversation Coppola wants to have . The War is presented as being somehow different from all other wars ... ... ..but no one ever says why . Caan 's character is against the War because it is not being fought right ... ... ..but never explains the right way . The young pro-war sergent 's position is little more than `` We beat Hitler..therefore ... ... '' It becomes very obvious by the 75 minute mark that the filmmakers simply do not understand the miliary characters at the heart of the film and are flailing to make them appear human . And the Liberal characters constantly weigh in with their condescending little barbs ( It 's genocide . Anyone who supports the War is immature and ignorant . Soldiers returning from Vietnam are ... .different ... .presumably from all that drooling baby killing . Masterson has a ludicrous speech about returning Vets where I swear I expected her to start intoning `` Even a man who is pure at heart ... ... .. '' ) without ever getting called on it . And it is telling that the film stacks the deck with practically EVERYBODY in the film except the young sergent being against the War ... ... .and even he is made to recant his position at the end ... ... .where upon since he is obviously a drooling nazi hophead baby killer , is killed lest his evil infect the good liberal Masterson with his touch.Aside from the score -- -which is truly hideous -- one can not say the acting is bad . Huston as the smarmy Washington Post reporter has an impossible role ... ... .and makes it work . Caan is good as is Jagger and the rest . And Jones could not give a bad performance if he wanted to . The film looks very nice visually but what sinks it ultimately is the script . Coppola simply does not have the integrity to even attempt a fair debate on the War.The film is not about the War , the abatoir in Indochina , the men who fought it ... ... and in some cases were laid to eternal rest in Arlington having made the ultimate sacrifice for human freedom . It is not about the Old Guard . It is not about that Garden of Stone in Arlington and the men resting there . The film is not about what it pretends to be about.It is about a bunch of useful idiots and functional children who made a great big mess on the floor of the world stage and now want Daddy to make it all better and tell them it was not their fault.It is all very childish and petty.HOWEVER unlike THE KILLING FIELDS , they do not play IMAGINE at the end.See it or not .	-1
The Juror starring Demi Moore and Alec Baldwin looked like such an entertaining thriller but this movie is just so stupid . I could n't believe how dumb the plot and ending was . And who the hell what 's to see Anne Heche naked ? not me ! One of the worst movies I have ever seen , use this one as a coaster .	-1
Not only are there no funny moments in this movie , but there are plenty of bizzare and offensive ones . The jokes were n't all that funny back when I first heard them in 5th grade , and they are n't funny now . Flatulence , naughty words for genitalia , frantic screaming for no reason at all , and just some bad dialogue . Strangest was when a dead corpse of the father gets beat up by the son . Is this really funny ? It came off to me as if it was n't even supposed to be funny but that we , the audience were supposed to project all our hate for our fathers onto the screen.All involved with this should hide their heads .	-1
This was a christmas Gift . Santa Studded it in the stockingof a very lucky family . What a get together they had .	1
Allegedly comic adventures of fluff-brained magazine writer and her ghastly friends on the search for a trophy husband in the ritzier neighborhoods of New York . The cast includes such likeable people as Sarah Jessica Parker , Kim Cattrall , and Chris Noth , but they are playing the sort of yuppie scum who should be sterilized at birth , lest they reproduce . I 'm not even sure that this film could speak to real-life yuppie scum -- even they have a greater capacity for love than this crew . . .	-1
Richard Nixon reportedly nixed the Cool Conservative Men number . Paranoid Dick . This version supplies the parts that made the theater version so bad and puzzling . It 's like reading ALL of the story . It 's a huge improvement .	1
This is a great restoration of a 60 's era WWII action thriller . I love the story of how the restorers were able to fix the color timing , in at least one sequence in the film , and reinvigorate the dialogue from the beginning sequence memorably acted by Richard Harris . The only copy locatable for a long time was one in which British censors had replaced the use of the work `` bloody '' ( apparently a terrible profanity in England ) with the word `` ruddy '' about ten times in Harris ' only scene in the film . The restoration was definitely worthwhile because this is an absorbing and exciting tale about bravery , duty , honor , redemption and forgiveness , as well as one in which lots of Nazis die violently.For the most part I liked the ensemble cast , with the strongest performances given by Anthony Quinn , Irene Pappas , and Anthony Quayle . These actors are able to convey lots of character and emotions with little dialogue and character development in the script . The rest of the cast gives good workmanlike performances , especially singer Darren as a Greek/American street tough . I wo n't ruin the plot for viewers , but I was able to figure the rat in the piece very quickly , and this should have been engineered a bit more subtly , with suspicion cast on others before it became so obvious , so quickly into the sabateur 's entrance to the film . Otherwise , this is a 60 's era WWII action film well worth two hours of your time .	1
When I was six years old , I sat with my friend Kevin on his jungle-gym in his backyard at night and stared up at the sky . It was a very brisk evening with little humidity , and the light pollution from the nearby highway took only a small portion of the horizon out of view . It was the best night sky I 've ever seen in suburbia in my conscious 25 years . We spent I do n't know how long staring into space , but for some reason that night every blinking ball of light on an airplane or any other airborne object was to me a UFO.We began saying things like , `` Look at that one ! That one ! '' I believed for a long time afterwards that what I saw that one night were alien ships circling Earth , that we were not alone , and that it would n't be long before everyone else knew what I knew . Of course I was a tremendous fan of Sci-fi films like `` Last Starfighter '' , `` Explorers '' , the `` Star Wars '' films , TV shows like `` Transformers '' ( later on in life a show called `` Space : Above and Beyond '' would get cancelled much to my disappointment ) . I was the believing nerd ; you could n't convince me aliens were n't real.Everytime I watch `` Close Encounters '' I get that same chill I remember from being six . That sensation the actors have on screen when they look up at the sky and suddenly realize that there 's more to watch for than just stars is real because I felt the same way that night.The plot is about a middle-age man Neary ( Richard Dreyfuss ) whose family life disintegrates after a close encounter of the second kind with an alien spacecraft as he 's called out on a job late at night . Lost on the roads , he stops to check a map when suddenly blinding lights appear from above . No his truck does n't go soaring up into a spaceship , no Neary does n't get probed , instead his truck dies , there 's a moment of anti-gravity , and Neary gets a nice sun-burn on one side of his face.UFO cliches die a happy death in this film . The aliens are neither aggressive , nor are they provoked into being aggressive . In fact , they are perfectly benevolent , if not partially enigmatic . Spielberg wanted to show a range of diversity amongst the aliens that would be parallel to humans , so you have short , stubby aliens , lanky , stick-figure aliens , and also more humanoid aliens that are expressive . Nowhere are there crop-circles , there are no long exegeses on their superior technology , no ray guns , no tractor beams or teleportations . Meeting the aliens is actually a highly organic experience ; achieved with colors , musical themes , and staring one another face-to-face.In fact , nothing is really explained , it just happens and plays itself out . How are these people having visions of Devil 's Tower in Wyoming , the exact coodinates of the alien visitation ? How do they prepare the `` arena '' that 's like a landing pad next to Devil 's Tower ? What 's up with the alien technology ? Do they have warp-drive capabilities ? Do they have anti-matter containment units ? Do they explore `` temporal disturbances '' like the crew of the Enterprise show after show ? The questions are all moot . `` Close Encounters '' is just about the encounter , the experience , not about the calculator or the engineer . If you 're looking for explorations of futuristic technology and the `` Cool ! ! ! '' factor , apply somewhere else.This is somehow the reason why I come back to the night sky again and again . I 've heard more than one backyard astronomer describe the night sky as a reliable , familiar friend . Herein lies the true form on `` Close Encounters , '' not that technology such as what the aliens possess exsists , or that we are enlightened by their coming . What gives form to the film 's premise is the possibility that when we look up at the stars , those stars are looking back .	1
This is one of the best `` B '' movies ever ! A car driven by who knows . Good acting and great suspense ! Too bad they did n't make a sequel ! WHAT are people smokin ' to list it at this price ? ? ? What a joke ! ! ! NO movie EVER made is worth that price ! ! ! So happy I have it on VHS ( for 20 bucks ) ...	1
I still ca n't believe that it took nearly TWO YEARS to film this lame art-nouveau piece . The plot is not cohesive , the acting is in slow-motion and the eroticism is vastly overhyped.Stay away . Check out any other Kubrick film first .	-1
I was at work today , and when I mentioned to a friend that I had watched a boring movie called The Real McCoy the night before , starring Kim Basinger and Val Kilmer , he told me he had watched Crank . Apparently I should have watched Crank , based on what he said . As far as The Real McCoy goes , I explained that it was a pity that Val Kilmer 's character started out as kind of interesting , in a comical way , but then seemed to have no personality about halfway through the film . My friend said `` Is n't that always the case with Val Kilmer ? Heh heh. '' . Joking , maybe , but I did n't feel that was fair . I said : `` What about The Doors ? `` ; Friend : `` Oh yaahhhhh ! That was a great movie ! '' . I said : `` What about The Salton Sea ? `` ; Friend '' `` Oh yaaahhhhhhh ! That was a great movie ! . `` .So , The Real McCoy is not just a Val Kilmer problem . Halfway through the film , everything shuts down . It 's like the film stops all forward momentum , but just keeps going forward anyway . Kilmer simply becomes completely irrelevant to the proceedings , like he 's just following Basinger around while she connects a few dots to get to the end credits.This is a heist picture -- a complex bank heist , to be precise . The complex bank heist is clever , but it requires very little action , just some nifty gadgets , and some repetitous rannygazoo to fake out the cops while the real quasi-action goes down . The thieves even bring along snacks and a thermos of coffee to keep them tided over during the heist -- they 've got that kind of time.Before the heist is the human-interest stuff . Freshly-paroled heistmaster Karen McCoy ( Kim Basinger ) just wants to connect with her young son , who is being kept out of her reach by her estranged hubbie , who told the kid she was dead . She 's saddled with a sweaty , lecherous parole officer who wants favours for allowing her her continued freedom . Then there 's J. T. Barker ( Val Kilmer ) who recognizes her and starts trailing her around like a lovesick guppy , until she finally decides she needs him to help her get her son back -- NOT from her ex-husband anymore , but from a crimeboss she blames for her jail-time , who wants her to pull off one last score , a hit on the Atlanta Union Bank ( which seems to have a sign more suitable to a strip-joint ) . Enter the heist.Basinger looks great ; besides the lecherous parole officer she 's the only thing to really generate any kind of emotional reaction in me ( opposite reactions ) . The action scenes are few and far between . The plot has no delightful zigzags or jolts that get you interested in the scene you 're watching , or the one to come . I find it hard to believe that this is the same director of Ricochet , with Denzel Washington , which is no classic , but plays mind-games , and doles out some gritty action . The Real McCoy makes several promises in the first half hour and then decides it does n't have to keep any of them : no suspense , no romance , no real pyrotechnics during the heist , and to top it all off , a big tiger that obviously does n't know what to do with an appetizing-looking bad guy . Some of the music by Brad Fiedel -- of Terminator fame -- is cool , and Kilmer has some fun at the start , but the movie is entirely too relaxed to function as a thriller . And I ca n't call it a successful comedy , romance , or family drama , by any stretch , so we 're rut-snagged . My friend 's twenty-second description of Crank was more involving than this pillow disguised as a movie .	-1
I enjoyed the original Cannonball Run , but this film should never had been made . It should have been torpedoed in the planning stages . There was very little that was enjoyable about this bomb . I enjoyed the Tim Conway and Don Knotts cameos , but that 's about it . Even the angry ape was n't funny especially after the news of the ape that horribly attacked that woman a few years ago . Take my advice and skip it .	-1
COSTNER WAS GREAT ... one of his best movies , a good love story if you like adultery the end was sad..so prepare	1
Each of Steed 's ladies made their own mark . Honor Blackman 's Kathy Gale , set the pace . Sleek sassy women , who were as smart as they were sexy . They held their own in a man 's world and did n't need someone to take care of them . Blackman and Rigg were two very positive role models in a time when most women were victims , wives or secretaries on telly at the time . Blackman made less of an impact in US , because they were generally shown as a Summer Replacement , to keep people from seeing reruns . Since they were run on ABC , tried to be recognized as a big-boy network the old Black and White Gales were not widely scene.Rigg came along and made Emma Peel a character that will go down in the hall of fame . She is as popular today , if not more so . So when she left -- to do as Blackman did -- go on to be a Bond girl , Steed had to have another partner . Enter Tara King . She gorgeous full figure Canadian with eyes to do for . They tried to play on her more feminine side ( and with horrid fashions ) . Seriously , the clothes designers for Tara needs shooting . For the most part , they could n't design more dumpy look clothes . They stuffed her in a series of wigs - some very bad - so point one , she was fighting an uphill battle . Also , the scripts were not as sharp . Even so Tara is charming and a pleasure to watch.Episodes include : Wish You Were HereStay TunedTake Me to Your LeaderFogHomocide and Old LaceLove AllGet-A-Way	1
You must watch the Upstairs Downstairs series from the 1970 ... the whole thing ties in so well and very interesting bit of history	1
This is a great film and true in spirit and basic plot to Dickens . The songs are melodically wonderful and the choreography is original , fresh and keeps your eyes constantly on the screen . The movie is very well cast and Ron Moody is wonderful as Fagin . He is `` nicer '' than in the book ( maybe it 's the pet owl they gave him ) but his basic motivations and actions remain the same albeit he has a happier more ambiguous ending in the film . Oliver Reed is probably a more physically attractive Bill Sikes than the one most people imagine from reading Dickens ' work but he is certainly menacing and scary . Nancy , also , is much lovelier ( as well as older ) than the novel describes but the part is excellently acted and sung by Shani Wallis . The child actors are all engaging and do not have the smugness ( well the Artful and Charlie are supposed to be `` cheeky '' ) too many times seen in young kids in movies.The plot is simplified from the book and a few characters like Rose and Oliver 's evil half brother Monks are left out for time 's sake but it does not hurt the story since it could be argued that the original has too many complicated subplots . Some `` exciting '' scenes are added for the action loving moviegoer and rather disturbingly innocent Oliver is present at the scenes of both Nancy and Bill 's demise . Mr. and Mrs. Bumble do not have the larger , very comic , parts they play in both the novel and the originial musical though Mr. Bumble 's `` the law then sir is a bachelor ... and may he learn from experience '' speech is included and is almost word for word from Dicken 's original writing as are many other critical speeches throughout the film . Oliver is a wonderful gem the whole family can enjoy . The DVD does have to be flipped over and there are not many extras but these are minor quibbles in such a great viewing experience .	1
Gene Wilder and Richard Prior has tapped this comedy to the funniest ! It is hilarious from beginning to end ! Do n't miss the convict that sings in his cell ! His voice is amazing !	1
Wow ! ! ! It 's quite unlikely for a video of a 162 min . length to feel that you want to seemore , you really wish it wo n't end . There are lots of highlights and they are spread inthe whole video so you really wo n't get bored watching the whole thing.My favorite parts are:1 . Little Shop of Horrors ( Ellen Greene was fantastic and I love her renditions of '' Somewhere That 's Green '' and `` Suddenly Seymour '' ) 2 . Unexpected Song ( Bernadette Peters was just funny , she 's great , I especially like the beginning part priorto the `` Unexpected Song '' ) 3 . Miss Saigon montage ( I 'm a little disappointed since this is one of my favorite musicals , and I do n't thinkthat it was given enough emphasis in the video , there were 5 songs includedfrom the show but the first 4 songs were dramatically shortened , they sang about 2 lines from '' Wedding '' , about half of `` Last Night of the world '' , 1/4 of `` This is the hour '' , and 1/3 of '' The Heat is on in Saigon '' , the show deserved more than the way it was presented , butnevertheless anything with Lea Salonga is a highlight for me . But the chronology of songs weregreat starting with how kim and chris met , then got married , then the last night of theworld , then this is the hour ) 4 . Broadway Baby ( the three ladies were terrific , and it 's just a nice song tosing in this kinds of concerts , it 's especially great when a bunch of ladies occupied thestage and join singing. ) 5 . Sondheim portion ( `` You could drive a person crazy '' was just fun to watch , a lot of Lea Salonga fans said before that they wish to see her in a happy songsince they used to seeing her in tragic chracters , and well this is a good sample . Lea wasfantastic here looking all cute and pretty and funny . Another highlight would be '' You Got ta Have a Gimmick '' all three ladies were funny and great . Well of course there 's JudiDench 's version of `` Send in the Clowns '' Plus it 's fun to watch people 's reactions while theyare just on the stage watching the one performing ) 6 . Duelling Pianos ( It 's truly a joy to see two of the most accomplishedcomposers still living together . I like what they did at the tunes of '' Send in the Clowns '' and `` Music of the Night '' , you dont know if this kind of thing would happenagain so this is definitely a must watch ) 7 . Les Miserables ( well perfect to endthe concert , but just like Miss Saigon many were shortened to a great extent . Where 's '' A Little fall of Rain '' ? I especially like Lea 's version of `` On My Own '' herebetter than the Les Miserables 10th Anniversary Concert . Beautiful rendition . ) I highly recommend this to musical fans . Worth your money .	1
I was always certain that this movie was an action film , but really there is hardly any action in it . Despite an excellent cast , including some small roles for quite well-known actors , this film just did n't seem to work . I have n't watched it enough timesa to remember what it 's about , because it 's just too boring . Maybe , there are one or two small tense moments in the film , but not many . I thought the jump from the helicopter to the sumbmarine scene waas good and the last ten minutes were quite good , but I feel the action gets rushed.But , if you like submarine movies you will like this . And , if you like Connery you will like this , but the film just does n't work for me .	-1
I saw this movie when it came out in the theaters way back . This movie always comes to mind whenever I think of the worst movies ever made . The worst scene is when he welds some 1/4 '' steel plate around the driver 's seat of a bus and drives through a gauntlet of cops shooting at him from roofs . He miraculously makes it through , walks up some stairs and decks a guy . Pretty silly .	-1
I saw Brian DePalma 's & quot ; Scarface & quot ; in a theater when I was a big fan of violent action movies . & quot ; Scarface & quot ; is one of DePalma 's very worst movies.Cuban refugee Tony Montana ( Al Pacino ) becomes a drug dealer in Florida . Montana rises to power as a cocaine kingpin but his success is only short-lived. & quot ; Scarface & quot ; is Brian DePalma 's second worst film after & quot ; Raising Cain. & quot ; The viewers do n't develop any real concern for Al Pacino 's character . In such masterpieces as & quot ; Carrie & quot ; and & quot ; Dressed To Kill , & quot ; DePalma brilliantly combined lurid sexual motifs with the graphic violence taking place in the films . In & quot ; Scarface , & quot ; DePalma attempts to interweave themes regarding incest into the violent storyline but these efforts are hollow and heavy-handed . DePalma 's film is raunchy and crude to the point of being farcical . The movie probably has more swearing than any film in the history of cinema . As a crime film , & quot ; Scarface & quot ; has none of the decency and intelligence that is evident in the work of Francis Ford Coppola and Martin Scorsese . One of the movie 's few redeeming features is an AWESOME one-man-versus-an-entire-army action sequence towards the end of the film. & quot ; Scarface & quot ; is nothing more than a foul-mouthed , trashy , and forgettable film . The movie is only for diehard Al Pacino fans , people who merely want to see violent action , and those who feel that they need to see every Brian DePalma film . For DePalma 's best crime film , see & quot ; The Untouchables. & quot ;	-1
Am I the only one who noticed that Sherilyn 's carpet did n't match her drapes , if you get my drift ?	-1
David Spade plays the typical David Spade character here : a smarmy , semi-witty wise guy who is deeply self-involved and frequently unscrupulous . Sophie Marceau plays a cellist with a little dog . Guess who takes her dog so that he can `` find '' it and earn her gratitude ? Guess whether anything will go wrong with the old-hat plan ? Guess who eventually gets on Mlle Marceau 's good side ? So much for the `` plot . '' As a comedy , this is pretty tired stuff . Sadly , to prep the ever-adorable Sophie Marceau for her part as a cello virtuoso , the director seems to have had her coached in bowing and fingering for about five minutes . ... Of course , we usually do n't go to comedies or heroic adventure films for the realistic musicianship of the actors -- but the sloppiness of this element in THIS film is just one more insult to the audience . After all , duh , the e-a Marceau is supposedly playing a professional cellist .	-1
The movie was fascinating to view -- the subject was of interest and had great suspense . It was a type of treatment of the subject seldom seen in most movies . It addressed curiosoty as to what goes on in such a situation to which the movie alludes .	1
There may be something that one can glean from KILLER 'S KISS , but I think it will be lost on anyone that is not already a die-hard , Kubrick fan . That is to say , if you have n't seen any of Stanley Kubrick 's films , do not start with this one under any circumstances . I kept asking for more . The fact that Kubrick had directed it raised my standards far too high . I kept waiting for a complexity in the story to arise , for the characters to grow some depth , for the subtle `` turn '' in the plot . But nothing ever came . And then the film ended , after only 67 minutes . As the credits rolled , I sat there in shock before finally muttering : `` I guess that was it . `` Of course , there are some highlights in the film . The lighting is great , the shots are nice , etc . But compared to his later work , KILLER 'S KISS fails to meet the director 's own standards . So what is the use in seeing this film ? I agree with one reviewer who commented that this film is like an artist 's early `` throwaway '' sketches . While you can catch glimpses of Kubrick 's later glory , on the whole the film lacks heart and should have been left on the drawing board . But a star does not emerge overnight-we must take his early , inexperienced work with his later masterpieces . Thus , if you are interested in Kubrick , the director , you might enjoy dipping back into his filmography to see where he came from . But if you are interested in catching a good noir , I would recommend over a dozen films before KILLER 'S KISS would even make the list .	-1
Myself and my wife loved this movie ! Woody Harrelson plays a down-on-his-luck gambler who falls foul of the local Mafia with his gambling debts . Wesley Snipes plays his brother , a New York Transit Authority cop , who guards the so-called Money Train , an armoured subway car which collects the takings from each station . When Woody 's character gets a good beating for failing to keep up repayments , he feels the only way out is to rob the Money Train , with or without Wesley 's help ! And we are treated to a host of spectacular action sequences on the rails ! Jennifer Lopez ( BABE ! ) also features as a cop with whom both Woody and Wesley 's characters try to have more that a friendship with as well ! Overall , this movie is action-packed and funny , with enough stunts to satisfy the most jaded connieuseurs of slam-bang flicks , and contains great cinemantography and SFX with the train scenes in the climax ! DVD enhancement inmproves it even more , with sound FX that 'll blow away your living room !	1
This film can be clumped with all the other apocalyptic dramas that came as a direct result of millenial anticipation . This is one of those movies that makes you wonder if Hollywood is cutting back on production costs by hitting up local LA elementary schools for the best writers in the fifth grade classes . The least they could do is hire kids from a good school system.The associations in the film are extraordinarily weak and lack any sort of logical backing , which is actually rather typical of writers who are barely out of the sensorimotor stage . Hopefully those who wrote this & quot ; film & quot ; have at least successfully navigated the travails of object permanence.One prominent example of this ill logic being that Satan is invulnerable to any eartly implement . . . except for a Arnold and his bazooka . That tidbit of knowledge will come in handy during the actual apocalypse . The Four Horseman will be helpless . Oh , and let us not forget the premise : That medieval Catholic priests ( in Rome ) foretold that Satan would come to earth to impregnate his chosen bride on December 31 , 1999 at midnight ( Eastern Standard Time mind you ) thus signaling the coming of the antichrist . Now , as anyone over the age of 10 can see , how could a priest in medieval Rome predict that Satan would go to a continent that had n't been discovered ( N. America ) , to a city that had n't been founded ( New York City ) , at a time that would translate to 5am Rome time . The list of script ridiculousness goes on and on . In short , I have n't seen dog this big since Clifford . This movie is terrible . This movie was so bad that even extensive nudity could n't have salvaged it . There are not many movies that one can say that about.As a general rule of thumb , the more Arnold speaks during movies , the worse it is . Example : Terminator 1 and 2 - Good . Jingle All the Way - Bad . On a related note , avoid all movies with Sinbad in them as well.I recommend that you the movie-going public avoid this movie at all costs and if you really want to see a good movie in the & quot ; coming of the antichrist & quot ; mold , I highly recommend The Devil 's Advocate and The Omen .	-1
Not a good buy . I purchased it and watched it on a Sunday night . This movie got a lot of bad reviews from profesional critics and movie watchers , and I am afraid they may be correct . Overall I do not regret buying and watching this movie . Some movies are good , some not so good , and some are terrible , but how can you judge the good one from the bad one if you never see the bad ones , therefore give this movie a chance and you be the judge .	-1
The General 's Daughter , promised to be the next great action thriller from John Travolta turns out to be nothing more than a sick perverted twist on films that ended like it , such as L.A . Confidential . Anything and everything is shown in this film , from sadmasicism , to rape , to a woman ( The General 's Daughter ) sprawled out for all too see on the ground . The story plays out fairly well the first half , The General ( played by James Cromwell ) has ignored his daughters rape for years , so that he can move ahead in the military . John Travolta comes in to investigate something , does anyone know ? Well besides the obvious , with the exceptions of a few good performances by , James Woods and Travolta , this was a very poor movie , and sick in my opinion . I left the theatre with a very bad taste in my mouth . My advise , by Phenomenon !	-1
This movie is awesome . I do n't understand why it bombed so bad in the theaters ...	1
OK , the devil posessed me at this very point when I 'm writing this . But I '' ve always felt this way anyhow ... . If no one in the world has said this before , may I be the first.Jurassic Park is one hell of a disaster . Those who made this should be eradicated from earth . The biggest turkey in cinema history ( and let us not forget the giant pelicans too ) , if you 're buying this because of its achievements in special effects and sounds then count yourself as someone who has no clue at all what cinema is about . A film that is simply a waste of time and talent.As for Spielberg voted as the No.1 director in AFI ( ? ) 's Best Director list , are you kidding ? ?	-1
If you like Emma Thompson , Helena Bonham Carter and Anthony Hopkins you will enjoy this movie . And do n't forget Vanessa Redgrave .	1
While this movie will never win any acclaim or awards , it was a light romantic comedy that hit a home run with me . I liked Jeff Bridges and Barbara Streisand together . They were funny and had good rapport together on screen .	1
Whether you know absolutely nothing about Oscar Wilde , or if you 've been a fan for ages , you will love this movie . Fry is an incredible Oscar , and Law a terrifically vicious Bosie . The story of Oscar 's love for a spoiled brat , and his inevitable downfall is fabulously framed by Wilde 's own fairy tale of & quot ; The Selfish Giant. & quot ; It 's truly a wonderful film , and I ca n't wait for the price to go down to a reasonable amount so I can finally own it !	1
If the book EASY RIDERS , RAGING BULLS is to be believed ( a fun book to read about Hollywood in the 1970 's ) , Steven Spielberg , despite making the colossal blockbusters JAWS and CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND , envied the success John Landis found with NATIONAL LAMPOON 'S ANIMAL HOUSE.So much so that he made 1941.I was in high school when it came out and I ca n't tell you how much I looked forward to seeing it : Belushi , Aykroyd , John Candy , Spielberg and huge budget of special effects . How could it NOT work ? But it did n't . I even went back to see it again , wondering if I 'd just MISSED all the laughs.The first thing I noticed was that the timing was completely off . The camera does n't let go of anyone who screams . The characters are all buffoons . Like CADDYSHACK , the main characters are uninteresting but , unlike CADDYSHACK , the real comedians do n't break out in their scenes.Maybe Rodney Dangerfield should have been General Stillwell.1941 has its moments . Belushi has a great entrance . Uber-dork Eddie Deezen 's ventriloquist dummy spotting the Jap sub is funny . Aykroyd donning pany hose and two oranges to declare , `` I 'm a bug ! `` Unfortunately , those moments are too few . Most of the time , I would n't think , `` That was funny . '' I thought , `` Wow , that looked expensive . `` But I have to agree with my college roommate from years ago : `` A movie ca n't be all bad that ends with a house falling over a cliff . ''	-1
Picks up where the second left off . Campbell is transported back through time with his chainsaw to the days of black knights and the landscape just happens to be crawling with dead people . He is tasked by the village people to save them against the evil which he excepts on the basis of being sent home directly after . A nice recovery over part 2 is smothered in immature jokes that will have the kiddies laughing their butts off . Not really designed for an R rating , this is plenty safe for children . In fact , one could argue that this was entirely made for children . Older generations wo n't get much of a kick out of this .	-1
I watched this film again last night with my wife ( her first time ) and upon the second go through I appreciated the film for much more than I felt the first go through . I will openly admit that the first watching was for a glimpse Jolie 's beauty , and her role in this film somehwat prohibits that . Watching for the second time , this time around for the pure acting and or story line and theres much more to report . If ever an actress deserved an award more than Jolie here please let me know . She NAILED her performance in everyway , outshining Ryder by a long shot and proving that she is by far one of the most talented leading ladies around . Lisa ( Jolie 's charactor ) is the most interesting person on screen , her soul is captured by Jolie 's passion for her art here and you feel attached to her , just as Susanna ( Ryder ) is throughout this film ... The film is actually someone mellow-dramatic when Jolie is not around . This film has an air of sadness about it as you see these girls and how their lives are destroyed by their illnesses ... a young girl with burn scares almost brought me to tears when she 's crying and screaming about being ugly ... and when Ryder and Jolie sing her to sleep ... it 's heart breaking ... as is one of the final scenes when Ryder confronts Jolie with her true feelings . This is a great film that should n't be missed , and is full of great performances by actresses that do n't deliver normally like Brittney Murphy who soars in her performance here . A note , kinda humourous actually , but in the beginning when Ryder is talking she asks if you 've ever stolen something when you had the money ... HA , she did ! ! ! !	1
THIS IS A GREAT MOVIE . DEMI MOORE SHOWS WHY SHE MAKES THE BIG BUCKS . SHE IS EXCELLENT IN THIS MOVIE . SHE PLAYS A PREGNANT WIFE WHO GETS WRAPPED UP IN SAVING THE WORLD FROM EVIL . THE KEY IS HER UNBORN CHILD . SHE HAS TO MAKE THE DECISION OF HER LIFE , THE LIFE OF HER UNBORN CHILD AND THE END OF THE WORLD.IT HAS A GREAT CAST , DEMI MOORE AS ABBY , HER HUSBAND IS PLAYED BY MICHAEL BIEHN AND THE DRIFTER THAT STARTS THE WHOLE THING IS PLAYED BRILLANTLY BY JURGEN PROCHNOW . THE STORY , SPECIAL EFFECTS AND CAST ARE JUST EXCELLENT . IT IS A NEW TWIST ON THE CLASSIC FIGHT OF GOOD VERSUS EVIL , WITH A VERY SAD ENDING . GET THE TISSUES OUT FOR THE ENDING .	1
Its about team of women during war time that become baseball players . Tom Hanks did a wonderful job at acting like a drunk . He was so funny in this movie . These women go through a lot to become great players . They 're funny in this movie . This movie is one that you 'll watch over and over .	1
The Standard & # 34 ; lets get the mission done & # 34 ; by & # 34 ; hook or crook & # 34 ; and & # 34 ; tooth and nail & # 34 ; . Gregory Peck heads this cast and is unwavering in his determination to blow up & # 34 ; The Guns & # 34 ; located in a mountain fortress . Let me say the effects and all of the & # 34 ; model work & # 34 ; that went into featuring & # 34 ; The Guns & # 34 ; is worth the price of admission . The mountain seemed inpregnatble but this ragtag team find a way in . Anthony Quinn is the stand-out in this one , he finds more in this mission than he bargined for in the form of ( Maria ) Irene Pappas . the plot is simple but the fear is real .	1
I thought this movie would be something more , but the teaser trailer was far better than the movie ! I understood that it was n't a jump out horror movie , but more of a psychological thriller thing , and still , no good . Maybe the only thing good in it was Catherine Zeta-Jones that neat merry-go-round / mirror room , and the special effects.. I also found the other characters in the movie quiet boring , and the plot confused me until the third time I watched it . But if you like slow-paced movies that eventually end , then this is for you .	-1
I bought this for my wife for Christmas and we began watching it shortly thereafter . Initially I was discouraged with it because the first episodes are terrible . But my wife persisted and after six to eight episodes it began to get considerably better . Within ten episodes we were enjoying it a great deal . I think it was because the first episodes were lacking in pathos and charm , the writers trying to keep things a bit dark like an American soap opera . But when they gave that up it took on a life and personality of its own . The first segments ( which were filmed in black and white ) also had a stagey quality almost like burlesque where the actors overact to convey their emotions over great distances ( unnecessary on the small screen obviously ) . I also had trouble with the son , whom I do n't think is quite as strong an actor as the others ( such as the actor who plays the butler Hudson , who is excellent ) but he gets better as the series progresses.Other actors come and go making a slow but steady evolution toward a very enjoyable ensemble series .	1
This movie is awesome . I first saw it when I was younger and forgot how awesome it was . I 'm glad I ordered it , because I will watch it a bunch more times .	1
I 'm still not totally sure of what I was expecting from Conan , but I was quite disappointed in the end . I 'm shocked that Arnie went on to become governor of California , cos with the standard of the film , I really would n't have expected Arnie to go onto bigger & better things.My main problem with Conan , was it was n't Arnie 's best film , plus , it 's just really a film to showcase his body is n't it ? And he barely says more than a few lines during the entire film . I 've been brought up on Arnie movies , and although this was a good film , I just prefer some of Arnie 's later films . I just wish he would stop messing with being governor and get back to what he 's good at ! You can see throughout the film that Arnie has immense trouble holding a sword , and doing sword things with it , due the size of his arm & chest muscles.The rest of the cast was quite good , although I did think the actress who played his mum at the beginning , was a rough-looking Bridgette Bardot ! Hehe . I did think Sandahl Bergman , who played Valeria , was really pretty , and the relationship between her and Conan was outstanding , although he only speaks five words to her throughout the film ! Their relationship does turn out to be quite bittersweet though , which is very sad , but I wo n't reveal too much about it , for those who have n't seen the film yet.There 's not much of a storyline to the entire movie , apart from getting revenge , and the beginning is a bit strange in my opinion . Pushing that wheel thing round and round , what happened to the rest of the children ? James Earl Jones is absolutely hilarious , but I do n't think he was meant to be . He 's very androgynous , and the wig is stupidly set too high , giving the impression he has a huge forehead.Conan has a certain unique-ness to it , and it stands out from many other similar films out there . It 's quite memorable as well , whereas I think if Arnie had n't become a big star , then it might have been less so . Yes , I 'll admit I do n't particularly Conan , but I sat through it , and can still remember a lot of it . And it still survives against the special effects laden movies of today , with people with too much money , try to make up for the lack of storyline with too many special effects ( hello Pirates Of The Caribbean Dead Man 's Chest , I 'm talking to you ! ) . Conan manages with minimalist special effects and it works so much better.I would recommend Conan to any Arnie fans out there , it 's an excellent film , it just did n't do it for me . Now , where 's Twins ? ! : )	-1
Honestly , most of the movie is very nice in the blu ray format . But it is I think quiet a shame when right at the beginning you have this nice overview of the temple and the sky is just THE NOISIEST SKY I HAVE EVER SEEN IN A MOVIE . I mean come on , even a movie that has 640x480 pixels of resolution will display better than that ... later in the first space scene , the white halo around the reactors of the Mondo-shawans spaceship is really noisy too . But when you pass that I guess it is ok . I never had the impression when watching a DVD before that there were good or bad transfers . Since I have the blu ray player and a TV that can actually display some real 1080p I see that at least in the blu ray collection you have good or bad transfers . Luckily we have Amazon reviews to know which one are the good and which are the bad ... about the movie , well I like it a lot so not to much to say about that .	1
Now I see whyUnforgivenand the Eastwood work actor and director since is rightly considered such a renaissance . Heartbreak Ridge encapsluates every negative stereoype about Eastwood that saddled him before 1992 when Unforgiven arrivedEastwood acting is fine here as a hard boiled marine , but the writing is cliche , you could be watching a Chuck Norris flick . The serviceman encounters the hippy and the new gaurd officer , all with predicible sarcasim . So what.Eastwood had done far more nuanced work before -- Dirty Harry and a lot of the Leone westerns -- and it is disappointing to see the master working so far below his capacity.But also kind of fun . Seeing this now shows you how much Eastwood redefined homself in the 1990s , making morally complex films that define him as one of the best in cinema .	-1
Sean Astin does a great job portraying a youth pastor on a camping trip with his small youth group . Wonderful telling of the story of Hosea and the amazing love of God .	1
La Bamba is my favorite movie of all time hands down . Of all the films I have seen not many reached me the way La Bamba did . I first saw this movie back in the summer of 96 when I was 17-years old and I fell in love with this movie and also became a big fan of Ritchie Valens . No joke I would watch this movie every single day it was on . La Bamba was a staple part of HBO 's line up and even if it was on twice a day I would watch it . For me , each time I saw the movie it felt like the first time . I would drive my friends crazy with having to watch it even after I recorded the movie they figured I would n't watch it as much , but I still did.At the time I was actually learning the guitar and I never really played at all and this movie inspired me to actually practice and not only that , but it also inspired me on wanting to be a filmmaker . I really ca n't think of any other movie that reached me on this deep of a level . Like I said in the opening of my review La Bamba is hands down my favorite movie of all time . For starters it has some truly great music ; La Bamba is about having a dream and not letting anyone stop you from reaching that dream . It 's about love and family.The screenplay by Luis Valdez was excellent ; the characters are great and each of the main players all add to the movie . None of the characters are just there . Each character plays a crucial part of the movie . While yes the story does revolve around Ritchie played amazingly by Lou Diamond Phillips , but in many ways movie is actually Bob 's story played by Esai Morales who pretty much steals the show . There is a bond between the 2 brothers , but there is also tension . Bob is always in Ritchie 's shadow despite being older and I was really able to relate more to Bob in many ways than Ritchie . Ritchie was sort of the Golden Boy , while Bob was sort of the outsider.I think at some point in our lives we have felt like we were in someone 's shadow , either it be a friend , family member or co-worker . The more Ritchie finds success the more Bob falls into this despair as all the attention goes to Ritchie and he 's sort of forgotten about . The movie may revolve around Ritchie , but it 's very much Bob 's story . And Esai Morales gives a terrific performance . La Bamba is about going for your dreams and not letting anyone stop you from reaching them . We all have dreams in life and most of us are too afraid to try and make them come true . Ritchie had a dream in life and would n't let anything keep him from that and I hold that close . La Bamba gave me and still gives me the courage to go after my own filmmaking dreams.As director Luis Valdez creates some truly touching scenes and some truly inspiring moments . When making a Bio-picture normally certain parts are played up more for dramatic effect and Valdez does that here , but it works well . A lot of the scenes with tension between Bob and Ritchie comes from real life and comes from the own personal experience between Luis Valdez and his own brother . The love story between Ritchie and Donna played by Danielle von Zerneck are possibly the strongest scenes of the movie and shows a time of innocence.Prior to this movie I knew who Ritchie Valens was and I knew his music , but I would n't be able to place the music with the artist . All the music in the movie that Ritchie sings is performed by Los Lobos who did justice to the original music , but I sought out the original versions by Ritchie and loved it . On my guitar I used to play Donna , Come on Let 's Go and La Bamba non-stop . Nothing can top the opening lick in La Bamba.Lou Diamond Phillips made his screen debut , but if not mistaken he actually shot Stand and Deliver first , but this one came out first . Lou Diamond gives a performance of a lifetime . His performance is so real and inspiring . I would rate this performance as one of my all time favorites . By the time I saw La Bamba I was already a fan of Lou Diamond , but this movie made him one of my very favorite actors of all time . Esai Morales though pretty much steals the show like I stated before . Rosanna DeSoto as Connie , Ritchie 's mother is excellent and Joey Pantoliano as Ritchie 's manager is excellent , but Joey Pants always delivers . Elizabeth Pena also gives a good performance as Ritchie 's ex-girlfriend who is now with Bob , which creates some uneasy tension.I 'll be the first to admit the final act always gets me teary-eyed . The death of Ritchie and Buddy Holly and The Big Bopper was so tragic . Buddy Holly is one of my all time favorite musicians . When Ritchie 's family and friends hear the news over the radio it 's just so tragic . Sleepwalk , played by Santo & Johnny is so hauntingly beautiful and really adds to the scene ; Bob walking across a wooded bridge and stops and screams Ritchie 's name never fails to give me the chills.La Bamba is truly a great and uplifting movie that is really tragic , but again very uplifting . Ritchie was only 17-years old when he died and I remember being freaked out since I was that very age when I first saw the movie . At that age death is n't something we think about and it was quite creepy . This may be clich & eacute ; d , but Ritchie may be gone , but his music and impact will never be forgotten . His life inspired this movie and this movie inspired me.Without a doubt La Bamba is my very favorite movie nothing for me comes close . I can watch this movie everyday and never once get tired of it . Each time I see the movie it feels like the first time .	1
This film was on & # 34 ; free & # 34 ; TV tonight , so I decided to watch it . I believe that I saw it once before , right after it first released back in 1998 ; you 'd think that I would have learned my lesson the first time.What . . . a. . . crock . And that crock ai n't full of butter . This has to be one of the most contrived scenarios ever in film . What ? You 've got a cop named Frank -- Andy Garcia -- who has a son Matt -- Joseph Cross -- where that son needs a bone marrow transplant , and the only person in the whole wide world is a psychopathic killer -- Michael Keaton -- who 's a match . Sure . So we know that both the psycho and the son will have surgery , and you know things will go terribly wrong , and you know that Mr. Keaton 's gon na go all Silence-of-the-Lambs ( SOTL ) all over everybody . & # 34 ; Clarice , and what did you think about while watching this film ? How b-a-a-a-a-d it was ? Perhaps you should have slaughtered it yourself and saved everyone the misery. & # 34 ; Har har.Talking about SOTL . . . . Obviously , the writer and director & # 34 ; borrowed & # 34 ; from that far superior film here , what with some of the stupid stuff with the Keaton character being a Hannibal Lecter-like dude . But really , if you 're going to & # 34 ; borrow & # 34 ; something , why do n't you take the best parts while borrowing , not the worst parts ? I was laughing out loud in a couple of scenes where I was supposed to be hiding under a blanket , I think.Well , I think that 1998 was about the same time where Mr. Keaton -- who was in some really funny movies way back when , remember ? Like & # 34 ; Night Shift & # 34 ; and the whole & # 34 ; let 's feed mayonnaise to the tuna fish ! & # 34 ; line ? -- and his career decided to take a swan dive . And this film does a horrible belly flop of its own , right into the tank.If a doctor came to me and said , & # 34 ; You need a bone marrow transplant to save your life , but to get that transplant , you 'll have to watch 'Desperate Measures ' first. & # 34 ; I think I 'd respond , & # 34 ; Get me my lawyer . I need to write my last will and testament . And quick. & # 34 ;	-1
Mel Brooks is a master as satire and comedy . This is the perfect way to have all his best films in one place .	1
A series of nuclear weapons are tested in the South Pacific during the 1950 's , and the film Godzilla moves swiftly and uninterestingly into the present as a shocked Japanese man ( the only sign of Japanese involvement in this Americanized adaptation ) in a hospital deliriously repeats & quot ; Gojira , Gojira , Gojira & quot ; .As was the premise for the original film , nuke testing has spawned a huge Gojira ( Japanese for Sea Dragon ) . The name is later adapted in the film as it was in the filmgoing market , to Godzilla , a mere mispronunciation.Doctor Nick Tatopolous ( Matthew Broderick ) has been employed by the US military in order to help catch the ship-sinking , fire-breathing creature with the piercing roar and not so good looks . The lack of continuity is never more obvious than when Dr. Tatopolous explains the creature with great aptitude , even before it stomps into his life . From here , the film takes a by-the-numbers approach in that the last three-quarters of it yields nothing but explosions , fire and lots of stupid one-liners.And who could resist babies ! Discovered inside a now demolished Madison Square Garden , the nest with Godzilla 's 200 eggs is a mere walk down memory lane to James Cameron 's Aliens . Could there possibly be anything original to look forward to after that ? Do n't hold your fiery breath . Slews of rip-offs ranging from Jurassic Park to King Kong fill the rest of this hype-vehicle of no-brain folly . Godzilla is at best , remotely entertaining during the its 15 minutes . After which this mammoth publicity stunt loses steam at record rates . You would think that after creating such turkeys as ID4 and Stargate , the team of director Roland Emmerich and producer Dean Devlin ( the awesome twosome ? ) would have had enough sense to try to put out something commendable this time around . But like in many things , there is simply no cure . Not since Starship Troopers have I seen such bad visual effects , gratuitous violence and paper-thin story lines . The characters in this film are so cardboard , they belong in a police shooting range . Take a classic film and put it in the hands of profiteers rather than filmmakers , and I give you the official mascot for the worst movie since Waterworld .	-1
This set is a great way to be introduced to the Avengers . It contains some of the most outrageous episodes in the series . First up Never Say Die with Christopher Lee . This episode was very typical of the series and shows off how quirky it was . Epic is over the top and a little to much . But that was the intent by having it take place on a movie studio set , a first for a tv series I believe.The Superlative Seven is a quick fun episode done like Then There Were None type story . Donald Sutherland and Charlotte Rampling show up in this episode and due very well.The Avengers was a show that broke all of the boudaries and really could not be pigeon holed . Great show !	1
This is so NOT fetch ! The main character is Joanna Eris , and the movie seems to want us to like her . But I could never like her even if she were the coolest girl in my school . You have no idea how mean she is . She 's a serial killer ! She stabs people . The movie wants to make her a hero , because like for Christmas one time her daddy disappeared . If my daddy disappeared on Christmas , I would totally think he must have been murdered or something . But Joanna expects us to like her killing people because her daddy disappeared on Christmas . There 's even this totally silly dude called `` the eye '' , some James Bond wannabee gone bonkers or something like that , who goes around protecting Joanna like he was just totally in love with her or something and helping her totally get away from police . Why should Joanna Eris get to stomp around like a giant , while the rest of us try not to get stabbed by her big knife ? What 's so special about Joanna that she should be seen as innocent in all this just because her daddy died on Christmas ? Her victims are just as cute as Joanna ! Her victims are totally just as smart as Joanna ! And when did it become okay for one person to be the executioner of everybody ? Because that is SO not what America is all about ! The `` eye '' should totally just stab Joanna !	-1
AS I HAVE WRITTEN IN OTHER HORROR MOVIE REVIEWS , CANDYMAN IS A WONDERFUL CLASSIC THAT GAVE ME MY FIRST NIGHTMARE IN YEARS . IT WASNT JUST THAT I WAS FRIGHTENED , THE WHOLE CONCEPT OF THE FOLKLORE/LEGEND GOT TO ME . I WAS YOUNG , IMPRESSIONABLE , AND OF COURSE SO VERY BRAVE . AT A SLEEP OVER , SOME FRIENDS AND I HAD RENTED THE MOVIE.RIGHT AFTER WATCHING THE MOVIE , WE FELT THE NEED TO PUSH THE ENVELOPE OF OUR OWN BOREDOM AND SPK THE UNSPKABLE NAME FIVE TIMES IN THE MIRROR . OF COURSE GIGGLING TEENS THAT WE WERE IT TOOK A FEW TIMES TO BUILD UP THE INITIAL COURAGE , BUT ALAS WE DID IT ... AND NOTHING . BUT STILL THAT NIGHT IT LEFT ITS LASTING IMPRESSION ON ME AND MY YOUNG MIND , PRODUCING A MOST GRUESOME NIGHTMARE . MAYBE IT WAS OWN SUBCONCIOUS OR MAYBE THE LEGENDS TRUE WHO KNOWS , I JUST KNOW THAT FROM THAT DAY FORWARD I NEVER SPK HIS NAME ( CANDYMAN ) NOR HERS ( BLOODY MARY ) IN A JKING FASHION AGAIN . I JUST KNOW THAT CANDYMAN FREAKED ME OUT ... .AND THAT IS WHY IT DESERVES THE SHEER RESPECT OF HORROR CRITICS ALIKE***	1
I 'm in England & although this is actually available from Warner UK as of today , I ordered this U.S blu-ray as it was slightly cheaper & I happened to be ordering a U.S DVD & so the postage cost was hardly any more . But to my regret ! In the opening scene where Carter is drinking scotch & watching a slide show , the two other men sitting in the room with him were completely voiced over by two stupid voices ! Unbelievable ! ! ! And for Warner of all people to mess the film up ! They even added some dialogue : `` Your brother 's dead and gone '' - that was not in the film ! ! ! They replaced another piece of dialogue with that . Caine 's dialogue remains the same . There are a couple of cockney expressions spoken in that scene which obviously Warner in the U.S decided that American viewers would not understand . But I think they would 've done and I 'm from South London , in fact a short distance away from where Sir Michael Caine was from ! How dare Warner tamper with this great British film ! I got a refund & I then ordered the [ region free ] blu-ray which Warner UK released here on Monday this week . But same problem ! ! Warner used the same master for both the U.S and UK blu-rays ! I mean , if Warner in the U.S think that American viewers wo n't understand our British lingo or expressions , bloodywell put optional sub-titles on the blu-ray , do n't ruin the audio track ! ! ! Disgraceful , shame on Warner ! Do n't buy this but wait until Warner have re-issued it in the CORRECT AUDIO ! As they did in the U.S with the DVD , they can always leave the silly dubbed track as an OPTIONAL EXTRA in case a viewer in the U.S really ca n't understand our cockney lingo but even so it 's highly unlikely as it 's not that hard to understand , by anyone who understands fluent English !	-1
Early in Luc Besson 's film , `` Leon '' ( aka The Professional ) , we learn that only master assassins work up close , with their hands or a knife . If that 's true then Besson must consider himself a master director as this movie takes the audience up close and personal with some fascinating but ultimately doomed characters.If it seems the title role was written for Jean Reno , that 's only because it was . He plays an Italian hit-man who works in New York . Like many immigrants , he is isolated within the new and unfamiliar world . He shares a squalid little apartment with one plant and leaves only to buy provisions , visit his friend , ( and manager ) , Tony , and occasionally see an old movie at the local cinema . His life would be small and insignificant if it were n't for the fact that he is a ruthless killer , working for the Mob.The genius of this film is that it somehow convinces the audience to feel sympathy towards a brutal assassin . This `` Professional '' is portrayed as somehow fragile while at the same time being perfectly dangerous . He ca n't read English , does n't speak much and is clearly being short-changed by Tony , a slick Italian `` Family '' man played gently by Danny Aiello . When trouble visits Leon 's little unit block , he does n't venture out but prefers to watch from the safety of his door 's spy-hole.This particular trouble comes in the form of detective Norman Stansfield , a crooked cop who arrives to visit one of his drug couriers who stupidly gambles his life in an effort to increase his slice of the business . Stansfield , played brilliantly by Gary Oldmam , is a pill-popping psychotic whose only redeeming feature seems to be a love of classical music . Sadly he sees parallels between famous concertos and savage gun battles . In this case , his shotgun version of Beethoven leaves the entire family dead in their apartment ; all but 12-year-old Mathilda.Natalie Portman 's first major cinematic role , as Mathilda , is impressive . She has to project a broad range for a child character . After growing up as a drug dealer 's daughter and then losing even that small security , she is both vulnerable and street smart . And , after convincing Leon to take her in , she also starts to explore her budding sexuality , ( a foreshadowing of her role in Beautiful Women ) .In our politically correct world , 12-year-old girls are not meant to be sexually attractive but that does n't stop Besson from designing scenes where young Mathilda makes serious attempts to seduce the shy Leon . It 's unclear whether she truly feels love or is simply trying to ensure her new place in the world . The result is a strong bond between the two unlikely companions , more familial than sexual . In the end , it is this bond that forces Leon to abandon his years of caution.This is a film that combines a perfect cast with inspired direction , European cinematography and the characteristic score of Eric Serra to create a powerful , sometimes disturbing , experience that will stay with you for years to come .	1
It 's blatantly obvious within the first five minutes that `` Freddy 's Dead : The Final Nightmare '' is a different kind of `` Elm Street '' flick . Right out of the gate , the film sets a unique tone with its Goo Goo Dolls infused opening . Long gone is the terror of Fred Krueger , the man who haunted Nancy ( Heather Langenkamp ) in Wes Craven 's original masterpiece . This Freddy is a pop-culture icon , a comedian if you will . And his status only serves to dilute and justify the existence of this supposed closing chapter of the iconic '80s series.Like most '80s slasher franchises trying to make their way in the '90s , `` Freddy 's Dead '' struggles between carrying over a built-in audience and appealing to a new generation of movie-goers . The sixth entry in the beloved series , as helmed by long-time franchise line producer ( see : baby-sitter ) Rachel Talalay , ca n't help but succumb to the conventions that merely nagged at its predecessors . Rather than turning the odd joke in between killings , the man of your nightmares , Freddy Krueger ( Robert Englund ) , has become a full-blown comedian , and a lame one at that.While the film carries great production value and presents some of Freddy 's most outlandish nightmares to date , it suffers thoroughly in trying to spook its audience . Krueger has all the menace of Wile E. Coyote in this film , turning pure carnage into a Saturday-morning cartoon for the big kids . Englund is in fine form as the man of your dreams ( err , nightmares ) , but the film neuters him to the point where he serves merely as a punch-line . Talalay should know the character inside and out by this point , but she apparently lacks the vision to realize what exactly it is that makes Freddy tick . What was merely a symptom in the previous entry , `` The Dream Child , '' is a full-blown epidemic in this film . Put simply , Freddy is indeed dead.Now , `` Freddy 's Dead '' is n't completely horrible . For one thing , it 's a great looking film . If nothing else , it boasts the best production values in the series in its time . The film also features a gaggle of fun cameos -- from the likes of Roseanne & Tom Arnold , Alice Cooper and Johnny Depp -- which keep the affair fun and light-hearted . There 's no doubt that this is the weakest `` Elm Street '' of them all ( taking even the 2010 remake into consideration ) but there is definitely enough juice to keep it from becoming unwatchable . Just temper your expectations and realize that , hey , this the sixth film in a franchise wherein its main villain dons a Nintendo Powerglove . How great could it have ever been ? **Review revised on 07/05/2013**	-1
People , if it ai n't remastered , it 's only going to be a moderate improvement , compared to standard def , unless it animation or shot in high def already . You wan na ' see spectacular , get Blade Runner special edition in Blue Ray ... OMG ... now that 's something to see and WORTH ! ! ! ! ! my dollars . I 've yet to see anything made more than ten years ago come even close to that title . Twister is one of my all time favs that can be watched at least twice a year . I may get this in BR ; but , that 's an exception . As far as I 'm concerned , the movie industry is only porting most of their products in to BR , without much concern about quality , to get more money in their pocket , knowing full well that the end result could be much ... much better if they took the time to remaster each and EVERY title to maximize the end result . For what they are charging we fans , this should be standard practice .	-1
For those of you who enjoyed being scared by Anthony Hopkins in Silence of the Lambs , you should really enjoy Javier Bardem in this movie . For those of you who do n't appreciate being scared and believe that movies that show violence should make the consequences of violence , ( grieving parents , disfigurement , ruined lives , ) apparent to the viewer , then this movie is not for you . All it is is scary violence . For two hours .	-1
Oliver should be a classic in every family home collection . This will be entertaining to children for all time . The music is beautiful and the message is strong and clear.Other classics not to forget about are : Mary PoppinsMy Fair LadyThe Wizard of OzChitty Chitty Bang BandThe first Charlie and the Chocolate FactoryThe Sound of MusicOliverWest Side StoryFiddler on the RoofSinging in the RainThe WizLittle MermaidAladdinBeauty and the BeastGreaseThe King and IOklahomaThe Music ManSouth PacificMy Voice Students are always asking me for recommendations so I though I 'd post it for all ! We ca n't forget about these great musicals !	1
This is one of my all time favorite movies and has been since I was a little girl . I bought this DVD so I could have both the DVD and VHS and I still watch it often . This movie is amazing , timeless , and never gets old . Many can relate to the relationships between the four 12 year old main characters of the film . In addition , I have an obsession with River Phoenix ( Chris Chambers ) so that never hurts .	1
First of all , I saw this movie recently again ( albeit , grudgingly ) and still did not like the subject of the film , but I do have to say that the acting was excellent and I give Jane Campion credit for presenting this story on screen in a unique and stylized way . That said , all bets are off from that point on.I do n't understand how Holly Hunter 's character could adore such a man who is using a piano ( the only thing she initially loves and adores ) to bribe her for sex . What exactly is the attraction ? I guess in that time and environment that is the ONLY man that treats her better than her husband . It 's nice to know that times have progressed.The story is very sadistic and not the least bit romantic as was attested to by some of my female friends . AND , the setting in the New Zealand rainforest is dreary , gray , sticky and just unpleasant.Not likely to view this movie a third time , ever !	-1
Where is & # 34 ; Spaceballs ? & # 34 ; Anything else we 're not familiar with ? I do think that & # 34 ; Silent Movie & # 34 ; was too silent . Still , it was wonderful .	1
Sharon Stone , Gene Hackman , Russell Crowe and LeonardoDiCaprio star in Sam Raimi 's 1995 western . A female gunslingerenters a quick-draw contest to get revenge on a sadistic mayor.Sharon is great in this and Gene is also a great villain as usual.This dvd has nice picture and sound , but only the trailer . Getthis terrific western .	1
A warning to all . This is NOT a & quot ; feel-good & quot ; movie . For how can it be ? It is about terrorists and the war in Bosnia , and in representing the insane brutality , this film does n't waver and pulls no punches . Much like & quot ; Schindler 's List & quot ; , you 'll sit horrified as this depressing film tells its shattering tale . Here you have a hero that is a mass murderer and cold-blooded sniper for the Serbs -- a killer of men and even children . That should tell you something right there.Dennis Quaid gives the performance of his life as Joshua Rose , a U.S. military officer stationed in France . He needed to give such a performance because the subject matter deserves no less . Matter-of-fact , the acting throughout is top-drawer . Oddly , the beautiful Nastassja Kinski gets a top billing , but she really only has a cameo roll . Especially haunting is Natasa Ninkovic in her roll as Vera , a victim of a Muslim rape and carrying an unwanted child . Peter Antonijevic 's direction ( see Amazon 's review ) is steadfast in its relentless pursuit to lay before us the absolute cruelty of ethnic hatreds -- a war where there are no winners , only survivors whose twisted sense of honor leaves us shaking our heads in utter disdain and disbelief.If you are looking for an action drama with a hero to save the day , look somewhere else . What you get here is heartbreaking reality ... .a glimpse of & quot ; Hell on Earth & quot ; , of wasted lives , of families being torn apart , and man 's incomprehensible inhumanity . This film could easily have been insufferable if it were n't for the thread of hope seeded in the birth of a bastard child . As a viewer , I grasped at this small ray of sunshine as I watched Quaid 's character slowly become more human . But if you are seeking a happy ending , this is n't your film either . Ultimately , you do have a sense of hope at the end , but it is fleeting at best . And maybe that is as it should be. & quot ; Savior & quot ; must have come and gone very quickly , because I never heard about the film before . That truly is a shame . While one has to be in a special mood to view this film , I promise you it will stick with you . Between 1 and 10 , & quot ; Savior & quot ; gets a solid 9 . It is truly unforgettable .	1
A goodie/oldie movie . A sad but lovely story , One of my top faves ! ! ! ! ! ! Amazing movie . Great cast , too . I have always loved this one .	1
There is much to say of my surprise at the shimmering reviews this pathetic second rate Japanese movie has received here on Amazon . It is this very incongruency that compelled me to interject a grain of lucidity into this vat of oily adulation . Let 's be honest about it -- the movie is horrendous , has very little artistic value , unless you consider the very repetitive shots of the pampas rustling in the wind to be art , and a mundane plot . The only virtues possessed by this flick are its obscurity and er badness -- all requisites for a drinking game with a bunch of degenerated con-vivants . Onibaba is NOT in the same ballpark as Kurosawa by a very long shot . I much rather recommend Kwaidan as far as old Japanese horror goes . Hope you do n't fall into the snares , but if you must , do n't be fooled into the pretense of substance .	-1
I FELT REALLY CHEATED VIEWING THIS FILM AND THE TIME IT TOOK FOR ME TO YAWN THROUGH.THE PROBLEM HERE IS THIS SCRIPT , IN WHICH THE FIRST HOUR SHOULD HAVE BEEN BURIED UNDER 100 POUNDS OF STEEL ! THE BEST PART WAS THE LAST 15 MINUTES WHICH SHOULD HAVE BEEN IT 'S BEGINNING.THIS HAS NONE OF THE EXCITMENT THAT `` BODY SNATCHERS '' OR `` THE OMEGA MAN '' HAD.I FELT NO INTEREST OR CONCERN FOR ANY OF THESE CHARACTERS WITH THE EXCEPTION OF EDWARD G. ROBINSON 'S WHO SHOULD HAVE BEEN THE MAIN CHARACTER.HE ALWAYS LOOKS PAINED IN HIS ROLES AND IN THIS HE HAS REASON.IN MOST OF THIS FILM BETWEEN YAWNS I KEPT WONDERING `` SO ? `` .AS I HAVE SAID..THE FAULT HERE IS A MEANINGLESS SCRIPT.SOOO ... GO OUT AND ENJOY ANY OF THE THREE `` BODY SNATCHERS '' INSTEAD .	-1
I was 10 when this came out and was so excited in 1998 . Its still an adorable movie - no spoilers its a mash up of the 1st Madeline books and several others Ludwig B. created .	1
It seems like any sane person could look at Dune , realize there is really no way it could be condensed into a 2 hour format , and wisely shift to another project ... of course , another option is to hire some stars , dump millions of dollars into it , and then cover for the lack of content with a lot of bizzare imagery and suppurating facial boils . Sorry , but I prefer a little content with my special effects ( which are dated now , leaving no further reason to view this stinkburger ) ... how do I know the Baron is evil ? Not because of characterization or plot development , I can tell he 's evil because he floats around killing his minions randomly , he forces his staff to walk around with their ears and eyes sewn shut ( or perhaps this is a fashion statement on his planet ? ) he screams , yells , and sprays spittle every time he delivers a line , and plus his face is sliding off ( man , that cat must be EVIL ! ) . In case this imagery was n't subtle enough , his entire planet is jet black , betraying only a few little angry red cracks ( er , people live here ? ) , and when hankering for a snack , its inhabitants suck the fluids out of little alien fetuses and yank tongues out of cows to eat them raw ( which honestly you should n't do because those things lick their noses , I 've seen them ) . They do this because they 're SO DANG EVIL and these kinds of ploys are a lot easier than actually doing any exposition/character development . This movie would n't draw so much criticism I think if it just had n't been based on Dune because in general the people who liked the book like their material a little smarter than this . Really , best thing for it would have been to dumb it down even more , remove any remaining traces of the political/religeous aspects , replace Kyle Maclaughlin with Jet Li , rename the movie 'Sand Pirates ' then take it out back and set fire to it . Watch the Sci Fi channel 's mini series version ( which is not quite dead on but by God it 's closer than this ) , or read the book again .	-1
I really do n't know what these guys were thinking . Maybe their thought process went a little like this : Exec # 1 : I have a great ( read : stupid ) idea ! Exec # 2 : What is it ? Exec # 1 : Remember those old Godzillla movies ? Exec # 2 : The ones that were really cool and did n't feature Matthew Broderick ? Exec # 1 : Yeah ! Let 's make a movie that 's the complete opposite of that ! So that 's how we got H-bomb-proof lizards turning into asexual she-beasts rampaging about in Manhattan . There are documentaries about cardboard factories more interesting than this . And if that does n't put the terror of this movie 's idiocy in perspective , think about this : I 've seen Ernest Goes To Camp SIX TIMES , and I still refuse to watch this trash again .	-1
Plot : A boy is having dreams of Freddy and is learning dark secrets of his past . And he begins to wander 'Am I Freddy 's child ? ' We soon find the answer to that when Freddy drops him a hundred feet from the air onto a bed of spikes saying 'Bring me my daughter ! 'Review : I want to give this movie Zero stars ! It Sucked ! As all my friends know I am the biggest Freddy fan in school , but oh my god ! I was reading the reviews for this movie before I watched it , and almost everyone said it sucked , and I was like 'Oh come on , it cant be that bad ! ( ... ) Needless no say they were right . Me and my friends watched this and we were laughing our butts off ! The only reason me and my friends laughed is one : We have dark senses of humor ( we enjoy stick death ) and two : It Horrid ! Truly Laughable ! The death scenes where stupid ( blood spraying out of a TV ? Please ... ) And there is no gore ! I know a movie can be scary without gore , and I honestly prefer it that way , but some could have saved this maybe even if it was just an inch . And they never even showed how Freddy came back to life ( I know none of the others did , beside the 4th one but still ... ) And as I said before me and my friends were laughing the whole time . I 'm sure I lot of people would think this is great ( And I love comedy ) but how the hell can you rank this under horror ? The only thing scary was how bad it was ! Now , I love the first one . Best horror movie ever . Plain and simple . But this could possibly be the worst horror movie ever . Know why ? I 'll tell you : IT IS NOT HORROR ! I know I have said this a lot but my god , a two year old would be laughing at this ! How can this be rated R you ask ? I do n't know , honestly . There are only two things I like about this movie : 1 How it flashed back to show Freddy 's past . Cool . And two : Carlos 's death . I know I said that I did n't like this movie being comedy , but this scene was just SO funny ! He pops the guys head ! Anyway those are the two good things about the movie . I do n't think I have anything else to say but I am glad Wes Craven hated this movie and come back , create Freddy , and kill him the way it was meant to be done : HUMORLESSWhatever . The only reason I am keeping this movie is so I can tell people at school & quot ; Yeah , I have all the Freddy movies & quot ; PS you can hit that No on the & quot ; Did you find this review helpful , but I am just warning those who like the true Frederick .	-1
**SPOILER ALERT**I 'll bet just about everybody has seen `` Frosty the Snowman '' at one time or another , and I can see why it 's a classic . The animation may not exactly be top-notch ( let 's face it , Disney 's animation was far much better ; even in those days ) , but that 's not really what matters . What really matters is the music , the acting , and the story behind the animation.It 's the day before Christmas , and a bunch of children get together to make one big snowman . After some debating , they all agree on the name `` Frosty '' . They top their wintry creation off with an old top hat discarded by the magician Professor Hinkle , who is just about the worst magician in the world . ( He ca n't even perform a simple card trick , or get a simple rabbit to come out of his hat . ) The very second the hat touches Frosty 's head , the snowman instantly comes to life . When Professor Hinkle sees that there is some magic in his hat after all , he decides he wants the hat back . The children are simply delighted to be able to talk to and play with their new friend , but when the temperature starts creeping up , Frosty realizes he must go to some place where he will never melt . And what better place to not melt than the North Pole ? So , the children take Frosty downtown to the railroad station , and he and one of the children ( a small girl named Karen ) secretly stow away on a refrigerated box car on a train heading north . Now , a refrigerated box car really is a wonderful place to travel in -- but only if one is a snowman . For Karen , who is made of human flesh , it does n't take long at all for her to start shivering and sneezing with cold . Frosty knows that Karen ca n't stay in the car for much longer , so he quickly gets the both of them out the second the train comes to a rest stop.But even after they 're out of the car , it still does not do Karen any good , for they are now out in the middle of the wilderness , where it is bitterly cold . Frosty realizes that he must get someone to help them out -- someone who can get Karen home before she freezes to death , and him to the North Pole before he melts into a puddle . Hocus Pocus ( Professor Hinkle 's pet rabbit , who decides to tag along with Frosty and Karen ) suggests they get Santa Claus to assist them . But Santa does n't show up until nightfall , and aside from making sure that Karen is warm enough until Santa arrives , Frosty also has to worry about Professor Hinkle , who will stop at nothing to track the travelers down and reclaim possession of his hat.After temporarily giving Professor Hinkle the slip , Frosty and Karen manage to come across a small greenhouse , where a whole bunch of poinsettas ( tropical Christmas flowers ) are growing . Deciding that it must be very warm and comfortable inside the greenhouse , Frosty carries Karen inside . Karen protests that Frosty will melt if he goes into the greenhouse , and Frosty assures her that he 'll only stay inside for a minute . But once they 're inside , Professor Hinkle , who by then has caught up with them , shuts the door behind them and locks it . Now all the fiendish magician has to do is wait for Frosty to melt.Eventually Santa Claus shows up , and Hocus Pocus persuades him to help Frosty and Karen . While searching for the two of them , Santa and Hocus Pocus come across the greenhouse -- the very same greenhouse in which Frosty and Karen are trapped . Santa quickly unlocks the door , but once he gets inside , a terrible sight meets his eyes : Karen is down on her knees , crying her eyes out , and all that 's left of Frosty is an old top hat and a shapeless puddle of water on the floor . Everything looks hopeless at the moment , as you can very well imagine . Santa , however , assures Karen that all is not lost . He tells her that Frosty is not gone for good ; for he is made out of Christmas snow , and Christmas snow can never disappear completely . When Karen protests that Frosty was her best friend , Santa surprises her by using his special holiday magic to restore Frosty to the way he was before.Before they can actually bring Frosty back to life with the hat , Professor Hinkle puts his foot down and demands the return of his hat then and there . Santa warns Professor Hinkle to stay away from Frosty , and to never lay so much as a finger on the brim of the hat , otherwise he 'll permanently delete the magician from his list and never bring the magician another Christmas gift for the rest of his life . This insinuation hits Professor Hinkle hard , and he complains bitterly that it 's not fair , for even evil magicians have to make a living . Santa then tells Professor Hinkle to go home and write `` I am very sorry for what I did to Frosty '' a hundred zillion times , and then maybe ( just maybe ) he 'll find something in his stocking the following morning . Professor Hinkle agrees , and takes off for home as fast as he can , so that he might be able to complete the assignment before the night is over . Santa then places the hat on Frosty 's head , and he immediately awakens , much to Karen 's delight . Later , Santa takes Karen home , and then he takes Frosty away to the North Pole . Karen hates to say goodbye to Frosty , but Santa promises that he will bring Frosty back to the city every Christmas , and so he does . And every year from then on , Frosty 's return is always celebrated with a big Christmas parade.I 've watched this movie almost every Christmas for as long as I can remember , and I do n't think I 'll ever get tired of watching it . It 's really an awesome movie , one that the whole family can enjoy . If you have n't seen it , I recommend you do so . It 's a real holiday treat .	1
this movie failed to live up to the hype for me . perhaps the title is ironic -- the movie wallows in depression , vapidity and numbness . i bet a lot of people have empty lives ; it 's not a lot of fun to watch for two hours nor did this movie bring me any new insights or empathy . spacey is unquestionably a great actor but i found him unappealing and occasionally bordering on repulsive .	-1
7 Years in Tibet is about a German-Austrian Mountain Climber - Heinrich Harrer 's spiritual journey and his meeting with the young Dali Lama during his journey.Although I am not a big fan of Brad Pitt , I thought he did an excellent acting job as the character Heinrich Harrer , who many of us can identify and relate to - The goal oriented and egoistic person who life brought him down to his knees feeling separated and isolated in the foreign country - Tibet ( to not spoil the story , I will let you watch the movie to figure out what happen to this character ) . I am also happy the main character Heinrich Harrer was acted by Brad Pitt because he is a famous movie star ( that makes many others want to watch the movie and be aware of the issue Tibet has suffered ) .After I watched the movie , I also went on a google search to see a biography of Heinrich Harrer . I was surprised on how the costume and the make-up of the movie of the main characters match what I saw on the internet . It shows that the movie must have been made with great care of details to match the culture , the history and the times.I love the story of this movie ( and probably will buy the book to read some day ) because it is different from the standard `` love story '' comedies or the violent victory movies portraying some heroes out there saving the world . The movie is made from a true story about Heinrich Harrer 's friendship with the young Dali Lama and how the wisdom from Dali Lama helped Heinrich Harrer to grow spiritually as a human being ( you have to watch the movie to experience this inspiration ) .As a Chinese , I am ashamed of what the Chinese Government at the time did to Tibetans , yet I have no right to vote against their behavior and violence . I am ashamed of what the Chinese Government has done still today about not freeing Tibet , yet , I do not have a right to vote of a government that listens to my voice . My own parents suffered from separation , despair and sorrow from the same Chinese Government during Chinese Cultural revolution in the 60s . Therefore , even though I am not a Tibetan , I can understand what Tibetans must have been through - physical and emotional torture from this unconscious , egoistic entity.I am writing this review to let others know that not all Chinese out there are ruthless and insensitive about this issue . I care about this issue and one could only hope the nation of Tibet can find its political freedom some day . Maybe political freedom will come later . However , may I humbly ask for healing , forgiveness Tibetans have suffered all these years because resentment , hatred , if any , can only poison ourselves further and these poison can be passed on to many more generations . All I can say is if I were ever a Chinese Government official , I would have been one/want to be one who can stand up representing the Chinese Government to say , `` I apologize for what my government has done . Human beings are all one . Let us show respect , compassion , integrity just like the way the Tibetan culture have shown us - Compassion , non-violence , peace . '' May that time come soon as the global consciousness is awakening of itself.Thank you for reading my review .	1
Words fail me in attempting to describe just how poor a movie In the Company of Men is . Aside from obvious flaws like the lack of a single compelling or sympathetic character , Men suffers from amateurish acting , a painfully bad script devoid of any wit or insight , and a frighteningly shallow and stilted portrait of men and male behavior . As bad a movie as you are likely to find anywhere .	-1
I thought this movie was supposed to be funny and entertaining , but it was neither . It was so painfully boring that about 40 minutes in I could n't watch any more . Ice Cube & Chris Tucker are capable of being funny , but good comedic actors ca n't compensate for a rotten screen play and poor direction .	-1
Even during the most extreme of my liberal moments , I ca n't give & quot ; Crash & quot ; any better than two stars , although I will give credit to Cronenberg for being just about the only director with the balls to take on this project.J.G . Ballard 's & quot ; Crash & quot ; , like Henry Miller 's & quot ; Tropic Of Cancer & quot ; , was not written for the big screen , and no amount of star power could have helped it in the slightest . I see where they 're going with it , but there are almost no redemptive moments in this film . With the exception of the & quot ; James Dean & quot ; re-enaction , which was a moment of exceptionally brilliant irreverence.Unfortunately the film never really gets off the ground . The sex initially tittilates , then repels , then bores . Of course it does n't help when the screenplay is as spare as this one , but then again , that 's the cornerstone of Canadian cinema . James Spader in particular should have thought twice about doing this movie and going the route of Jeremy Irons or Julian Sands , both of whom are stuck on typecast boulevard.Starring in a movie like & quot ; Crash & quot ; wo n't end your career , but it 'll sure help !	-1
STARSHIP TROOPERS is both brilliant satire AND highly entertaining , well crafted sci-fi adventure flick . The concept behind it and what you get on the screen is a perfect parody of infamous WWII propaganda films . TROOPERS lightheartedly calls the viewer 's attention to the propensity of propagandized , jingoistic humans for senseless violence without conscience , comicly using a war of humans versus mindless , souless , agressive `` bugs '' to make the point . In the top 20 best sci-fi films ever and a lot of fun .	1
I defy anyone to explain the story of this movie without stammering and possibly giggling . This movie is boring . It has no energy . Even really bad movies have energy , but this one 's just a rock . They managed to make a boring story out of supernatural people . Congratulations . Also , they managed to make us feel comfortable with Sandra killing a guy . And then we see her SOOOOO upset about her upbringing that it causes her to ... open a store ! And what 's with that & quot ; he 'll have these color eyes , & quot ; thing , and then the guy does n't have the right color ! Nice touch .	-1
After resurrecting the Bond franchise singlehandedly with a bang in 1995 's Goldeneye , Brosnan hits the big screen for his sophomore outing as the larger-than-life superspy James Bond 007 in 1997 's Tomorrow Never Dies . Despite the hype of commercial endorsements and Teri Hatcher 's highly anticipated appearance as a Bond girl , Tomorrow Never Dies was a rather surprising setback to the Bond series.In this eighteenth Bond flick , Bond is off to investigate an incident off the South China Sea , where a British ship appeared to have crossed Chinese waters , eliciting a warning from the Chinese military , which amounted to retaliation on both sides . Deducing that one of the media sources , the Carver Media Group had released the news of the incident in question suspiciously earlier , Bond deduces that Eliot Carver ( Jonathan Pryce ) , the media magnate and owner of the Carver Media Group , had something to do with this international incident . It turns out that Carver is manipulating the news , in some way , shape or form to start a World War III for astronomical worldwide television ratings . Bond must stop further escalation of war by thwarting Carver 's plans.Tomorrow Never Dies is not exactly up to par with the Bond movies of the past , as a rather incompetent cast , an extremely over-the-top storyline , and a horrifically dull screenplay drag what could have been a solid Bond film into a forgetful disaster . Brosnan is probably the only saving grace of the film , as he turned in a decent Bond outing , although his performance in Goldeneye was far more superb . The blame does not lie squarely on Brosnan 's shoulders as his supporting cast was a big letdown . Michelle Yeoh of Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon fame is a solid martial artist , but rather static in personality , making her lines corny in the process . Teri Hatcher portrays the forlorn , tragic Paris , Eliot Carver 's husband and Bond 's old flame and it is quite disappointing that she is not only not the leading lady , but that she will go down as an uneventful Bond girl , since she does not get a whole lot of screen time in this film . As for Eliot Carver himself , he is the most disappointing character of the film as he is quite undeveloped and he winds up being a wimpy , whiny control freak megalomaniac . His henchmen are n't that much better either . Carver 's main henchman , Stamper ( Gotz Otto ) relies too much on his machismo , hence more unimaginative and plastic in his dialogue and portrayal . The short-lived Dr. Kauffman comes across as a formidable henchman , but becomes nothing but comic relief villiany fodder.As for the story itself , it is rather complex , in the sense that it alienates the viewer into ever being involved in the film 's purpose . The screenplay and dialogue are surprisingly poor and they drag on . However , Tomorrow Never Dies scores points for ingenious gadgets , in particular the trackpad-controlled , voice-activated BMW 540i and Carver 's boat drill . The action sequences are solid , with the pre-title sequence and the motorcycle chase standing out as highlights . In summing Tomorrow Never Dies up , it is not a bad film to watch and relax to on a Saturday night , but there are even better Bond flicks to not only sit back and enjoy , but to get you involved in the film .	-1
This DVD ( s ) was a disappointment in terms of selection . Only one song by Janis . No real songs by Crosby-Stills-Nash that were seen , only heard . A lot of the background stories are interesting . I agree that it does take you back to a time that will never return , which is sad .	-1
As far as overall viewing quality , this is the best recorded version of & quot ; 1776 & quot ; to day . Yes , it 's missing some bits from the play , but that 's ok for now . It 's still a great improvement over the original classic film release.It is incredible the amount of painstaking research that went into the creation of a musical . Not only is it fun to watch , but the history follows the true story of the struggle for independance closer than any movie I have ever seen ! I read someone who whined that it belittles the Declaration of Independance since the only reason it was written was so Jefferson could & quot ; have marital relations & quot ; with his wife . They were n't watching the same film I was . He did n't want to because he was basiclly a newlywed when he got called to congress and was scheduled to go home to finally have his honeymoon ! Adams DID send for Jefferson 's wife as thanks to the sacrifice he made because Jefferson knew the importance of what had to be done , and as Adams put it & quot ; No one can write better than you , Jefferson & quot ; . The arguments on slavery were accurate , if not tamed a bit to avoid criticism for & quot ; trying to make a statement & quot ; where the truth actually echoed reality.Read the book , see the play , get the soundtrack , love the movie ! Will I be happier if they someday release a & quot ; complete edition & quot ; like the laserdisc years ago ? If they can get this quality , then ABSOLUTELY . Otherwise , I would n't mind the supplimental , but this will do for now .	1
Firstly , I hate golf and find it utterly boring . Boring is also a word that can be applied to Kevin Costner who , as far as I am concerned , has n't done ANYTHING of value since & quot ; Dances with wolfes & quot ; . Rene Russo is a good actress , stuck here with absolutely nothing to do . And if this is a romantic comedy , where is the comedy ? Please , do n't expose me to this movie again ! ! ! !	-1
Alan Rickman does a fine job of being a perfect jerk of a husband , but outside of his great performance , the movie lacks interest . The movie could have had potential , but seems cut-up and fragmented in parts that just do n't make sense or play well with the story line . Those who think they are great at guessing the end of a movie before it 's over will have a challenge and a surprise here . If I had viewed this before purchase , it would never had made it to my personal library .	-1
The characters motivations are disgusting and the acting is poor . I decided to watch this film since its supposed to be a cult classic and everyone talks about how Brando did such a find job.Call me crazy but when watching a film I like to at least like one of the characters . Here I felt like I was at a party with a bunch of people I did n't like but could n't leave . Talk about No Exit.I guess some of you will like this film but unless you 're one of those bleeding heart , artsy farsty people I suggest you save yourself the pain of trying to watch this film .	-1
Mathilda , a twelve-year old New York girl , is living an undesirable life among her half-family . Her father stores drugs for two-faced cop Norman Stansfield . Only her little brother keeps Mathilda from breaking apart . One day , Stansfield and his team take cruel revenge on her father for stretching the drugs a little , thus killing the whole family . Only Mathilda , who was out shopping , survives by finding shelter in L & eacute ; on 's apartment in the moment of highest need . Soon , she finds out about the strange neighbour 's unusual profession , killing and desperately seeks his help in taking revenge for her little brother . L & eacute ; on , who is completely unexperienced in fatherly tasks , and in friendships , does his best to keep Mathilda out of trouble unsuccessfully . Now , the conflict between a killer , who slowly discovers his abilities to live , to feel , to love and a corrupt police officer , who does anything in his might to get rid of an eye witness , arises to unmeasurable proportions - all for the sake of a little twelve-year old girl , who has nearly nothing to lose . Luc Besson 's movie L & eacute ; on `` The Professional '' gives a intense story which is maximized in potential by the casting of the movie done by Todd Thaler . Every aspect of the movie delivers and makes an impressive overall package . A gripping story with well-crafted characters .	1
I was so happy to finally get the 10th Ann . version home and into my DVD , because frankly it is a movie that I can watch multiple times and still find new things in it . And also there was a commentary track on it , oh and there is one , but it is a & quot ; Interview & quot ; style commentary track , using past interviews with cast and crew . Not what I was expecting , would have loved to have had the Director commenting on the film as it played out in front of him , like in other DVD 's . So again I am let down by a great movie that has been moved to DVD with not much more than archived material .	-1
Apt Pupil is a thrilling movie that juxtaposes suburban life with the evil and corruption of a Nazi war criminal . The two leads are excellent actors . Brad Renfro plays a high school student who blackmails a Nazi war criminal ( the outstanding Ian McKellen ) into telling him everything ( the who , the why , the where ) of his crimes against humanity.Of course , life ca n't be as simple as that , and a high school student is n't going to get the upper hand on a masterful , depraved man . The two men form a fascinating friendship , countered by their opposing viewpoints on history . Apt Pupil delivers some brilliant twists in which each man must determine his own destiny.This is hands down the best adaptation of a Stephen King plotline . Do n't miss out on this gem of a movie . If you enjoy this , try American History X .	1
We are still watching these TV shows and like them very much . Thanks to Amazon Prime for giving us these shows .	1
Well , having just watched this again for the first time since 1985 , I found it pretty trite , surprisingly old-fashioned , and lacking in the script department . As usual with a big ensemble cast , the characters are all stereotypes . Rob Lowe 's rosy cheeks make him seem like he should have stuck to after-school specials , even though the girls of the time loved him . Only Demi Moore 's acting stands out a bit here , and , true to form , she is probably still the biggest star of the bunch almost 30 years later . Evidently this got savaged by the critics of the day . They were not wrong .	-1
I thought this movie would be awesome because I knew all those scary stories , and loved them . Unfortunately , Urban Legend 's writer does n't know the meaning of the word & quot ; originality. & quot ; This movie copied off of Scream . At the frat party , the character , Parker , gets a call from the killer on the phone . Of course , the killer is using a voice changer , just like in Scream . Did the writer actually think people would find that scary or original ? I think he was too wrapped up in being on the horror bandwagon that he failed to come up with something original .	-1
I had difficulty getting into the book , but the movie kept me glued to the screen . The movie was long , but it really gives you insight into life and roles on a WW II sub and the terror they faced . Great characters & acting . Loved the ending !	1
I 've seen this film about 17 times and I never tire of it . It 's not only classic gritty 70 's cinema , but it 's probably Bronson 's best movie as lead actor . Well directed by Walter Hill , who also directed classics like The Warriors and 48 hours . Hill brings the depression and New Orleans in the 30 's to vivid life . The acting is spot-on , and personally I think this is Bronson 's best performance , as well we have James Coburn who hams it up to classic measure . Struther Martin is simply perfect in his role as Poe as well . There is a lot of superbly crafted fist fighting scenes that are some of the very best I can remember ever seeing , and the film is just plain classic 70 's cinema , laying somewhere between B film and Big budget 70 's movies . This movie is one of those little miracles that comes along once in a long time . Bronson was just great in this as a bare knuckle boxer who seems tough as nails and merciless , but who really has a heart of gold . By the end of the film there 's a beautiful message about the bonds of friendship that we can all learn a lesson from . So I 've seen it many times and the film still captivates me every time I see it . It 's classic Bronson and well worth seeing ! ! !	1
Gere is interesting as a gigolo caught in a thriller situation . However , I found it a bit depressing . If you are a woman who likes an attractive guy , maybe that 's enough . It gets a bit desperate in coming up with twists that do n't pay off .	-1
Dispite the presence of the fantastic Vicent Price ... this movie looks like a high school play ... People stuck in a so called Haunted House and yet go wandering off by themselves and putting themselves in danger..I can see the script for Carolyn Craig ... '' lighty scream '' 'BIG SCREAM ' 'light scream ' 'unfinished scream ' ... It is so bad , it would a great film to rent for a party and just sit and make fun of it ...	-1
Why does Anthony F. put his luggage down in the middle of nowhere while he takes a phone call ? Eh . Whatever I thought it was a sylish masterwork nonetheless .	1
From the opening scenes to the end , this is a fast moving farce that is really a fun movie , great musical with music you have heard throughout your life , but probably never knew where from.Whats the Matter with Kids Today - what a rip with Paul Lynde with his high pitched voice singing with Dick Van Dyke and Maureen Stapleton . Also , 'Put on a Happy Face ' I am sure most alive today have heard that song . One of my favorites is 'Got a Lot of Living to do ' . Fast moving with a dance called the 'Birdie . 'Anne Margeret plays the main character , Kim , who is going to get the last kiss before Conrad Birdie ( an Elvis type figure ) , leaves for the Army . Interesting that she plays across from Elvis in Viva Las Vegas later in her life . Kim is dating Hugo ( Bobby Rydell ) . Rydell was a teen idol of sorts of his day and had hits in his life namely , 'Wild One . ' Rydell is so very jealous , but yet a goofy teen who has to decide to stand by and let her get that one last kiss or to do something else , but what ? Janet Leigh , of Psycho fame plays a big part in the movie . ( She is the mother of Jamie Lee Curtis . ) Leigh was quite famous in her day and Birdie was a welcome up tick after her fame with Psycho.The cool thing about this movie is there is not one relationship involved in the plot there are two . Kim and Hugo and Albert and Rosie ( van Dyke and Leigh ) . Juxtaposed against each other , you see that age has nothing to do with romantic difficulty and confusion.This is one of the fun movies of the '60s , relatively clean fun , a few areas that may have been touchy at the time , but it was just before the hippy era that changed our world . There are few things to watch for , this movie was done in the summer before JFK 's assassination , he is mentioned in the movie or referred to 'the President says we should drink more milk ... ' and something interesting is shown . Toward the end we see the Russians , a rather large orchestra and you see the man in charge of orchestra hitting himself in the head with his shoe , ala Kruschev doing the same at the UN.Also , the scene with Birdie being on 'Ed Sullivan ' predates the appearance of the Beattles on that same show , and , the girls go wild with the Beattles as they did with Birdie in the movie , who would have thought the genius in predicting that behavior ? There is so much to this movie . Fun cast , great music , seriously funny interplay of characters and story . One last comment , the scene where Birdie is introduced in the town is classic , he goes around the square singing with gusto , if you look closely you will notice it is the same set where square used in 'Back to the Future . 'Bye Bye Birdie is a must for any family DVD/HiDef Library .	1
What an utterly terrible movie ! What an odd look at marriage ! What a waste of talent ( Renee and Chris ' talents are lost in this cinematic mess ) ! What a cheesy and predictable plot ! What a terrible ending ! What a waste of money ! What a waste of time ! ! ! Honestly , it does n't get much worse than this . I admitt , cheesy and predictable can be fun ( eg . `` The Cutting Edge '' `` Never Been Kissed '' or `` Miss Congenialtiy '' ) , but this movie misses all the marks . When it 's not boring , it 's just ridiculous.Try `` Cricle of Friends '' or `` Bridget Jones ' Diary '' on for size instead . Really , you 'll thank me .	-1
The visuals are great but the endless worship of violence is sick and pointless .	-1
The one-dimensional characters were out of a cartoon book . What a disappointment ! You would think that with Helen Hunt , there could be some character depth . But the & quot ; B & quot ; team was out in spades in this stinker - even the guy whose dad owned the expensive car in & quot ; Ferris Buehler 's Day Off & quot ; was given a speaking part . And with Bill Paxon - well , you just know there 's going to be a lot of hurt and angry looks , and a lot of running around , and no character development . And Cary Elwes of & quot ; The Princess Bride & quot ; showed up as the & quot ; Bad Guy. & quot ; Someone came across these guys waiting tables and took pity on them . But at our expense . Shame ! Next time give us some real actors with a real plot .	-1
Film Noir is French for `` black film '' is it not ? In the tradition of The Big Sleep , Chinatown , Maltese Falcon , The Long Goodbye ... ... The first and only ( as far as I know ) that features a uniquely `` Black American '' cast and story line.BEST line in the movie `` If you did n't want him dead , you should n't have left him with me . `` Watch This Movie ... Buy this movie . I have 2 copies . Don and Denzel both rock .	1
This is still to this day one of the finest , funniest movies ever made . Im so happy they have it on pretty much any format . Monty Python has a youtube channel now too . Great stuff .	1
I appreciate the origin version of this film and the remakes of this film really , with the CGI crap , makes the remakes look less enjoyable to me	1
There really was n't anything glamorous about the u-boat war in the atlantic ocean . Although the german u-boats racked up very impressive numbers , and did the best they could to cut Britian 's life line . The constant spector of a terrible death was always a factor . The u-boats were cramped , the living conditions were poor , and the longer the voyage lasted , the worse the conditions became for the crews . I find quite amazing , that their morale and determination to carry out their missions , lasted so long . It is a testimony to their courage and sense of duty , that they kept on going out in those metal coffins . Eventually their cause came to ruin , but one can not deny their courage . Avery impressive film , well worth the price . JRV	1
The first time I watched this I was n't too impressed . But it grew on me . It is not a serious movie , so if you are buying it because you liked 12 Monkeys , you are in for a suprise . This is much more like Time Bandits or The Holy Grail in the level of sillyness.The movie is a simple tale of a man who tells tall tales , and his magical friends . They all go on a long trip together , not only around the world , but to the moon as well . In the end , everything is made right by magic , quite by suprise .	1
The only thing that 's watchable here is . . . . wait , let me rephrase that . There is absolutely NOTHING watchable here . The plot is ridiculous , the characters are thin and annoying ( especially Dafoe , who is in fact a great actor elsewhere ) , the action sequences are nothing but silly and painful to watch , and the script is . . . well , the script is n't as bad as the one for Batman & Robin , but it 's STILL bad . What made Jan de Bont think he could try to surpass the classic original ? Well , whatever happened , this movie turned out to be very worthless . Pass .	-1
That 's the kind of movie I like . Great actors , action , suspense and some food for the mind.The director , Christian DUGUAY , made this & quot ; B & quot ; sci-fi movie SCREAMERS which was already terrific . Here , in THE ASSIGNMENT , he mixes real facts , the terrorist actions of Carlos , and a complex plot of the C.I.A . in order to eliminate him . And the mixture works ! And there is the final scene in a lake which deserves to stay in movie history.A DVD to discover . You wo n't regret it .	1
Wow what a great movie ! The actors in it are wonderful Tom Hanks , Madonna , Rosie O'Donnel what more could you ask for people ? This movie really shows what women can do , very inspiring ! I love the part when they poison the chaparone person and they sneak off to go dancing ! I thought it was funny : ) . Its a really good movie especially for women !	1
Like all old films , first released on DVD a few years ago and now re-released on blu-ray , the key question is , how good is the high definition transfer ? Well in this case , I am pleased to say that it is indeed very good . The colours , image sharpness and the general detail is much better than the old DVD . The sound is much better too , being uncompressed.The film itself is great . A true story , well presented , well filmed and very moving . Having been to Tibet , I found the scenery and the monuments shown , like the Potala , very convincing . The film is a precious rare testament to the world , of Chinese aggression in occupied Tibet , that one can only realise after a visit there . A tragedy to which most political powers in the world have since turned a blind eye . Highly recommended .	1
Possibly the worst kid 's movie I 've ever seen . My wife opined that this `` was the worst movie in the history of the universe . `` Well , maybe not , but strictly for girls under age 6 .	-1
I had watched this film years ago and recently purchased a copy after not seeing it for about a decade , a comical witty feel good film that was more complex then I had ever rembered . Never mean spirited always put a smile on your face and the feel good ending makes for a great under appreciated classic about a giant lizard , the godfather and a young freshman who are not what they seem . Great stuff !	1
Screenwriter Andrew Kevin Walker is right on the verge of becoming the next big thing in Hollywood . He was the brain behind such great films as `` Se7en '' , `` Sleepy Hollow '' , and did some uncredited re-writes for `` The Game '' and `` Fight Club . '' All those films were excellent , and `` 8mm '' could have been too , had it not been handed to Joel Schumacher , the man who ruined the Batman series and who is the biggest hack in Hollywood . ( Except for `` Tigerland '' , which was a fluke . ) The story , born from Walker 's brilliant mind , sounds great . A Private Eye ( Nicolas Cage ) , is hired by a billionare 's Widow after she found a possible `` snuff '' film in her dead husband 's safe . So Nic Cage is sent to find out whether or not the film is real , plunging him into a sordid mystery filled with seedy characters and dark , abandoned buildings ( Not a cliche or anything ) .Could have been good . Should have been good . Would have been good , had A ) David Fincher directed like originally planned , B ) had Andy Kevin Walker had more creative input , and C ) had Joel Schumacher had not taken over directing duties ! The guy is horrible.After Walker and Schumacher fought over creative differences , Walker walked , and left Schumacher and Nic `` When 's the last time this guy made a good movie ? '' Cage to run the show themselves . Want some examples ? Okay . When the film was supposed to be suspenseful , I was shifting in my seat , yawning , checking my watch , etc . The big twisty ending ( which went on way too long ) was predictable , not to mention Schumacher and a new screenwriter he brought in tacked on a `` happy ending . '' The acting for the most part is stiff and wooden . Not to mention the only way that the characters know how to express their emotions is by shouting the `` F-word '' at the top of their lungs.To wrap things up , what could have been a hip and edgy thriller in the right hands , became a dull , predictable , and savagely unpleasant piece of poop in Schumacher 's hand . Even if they could n't get Fincher , the producers should have replaced him with someone with an eye for this kind of material . ( For example a Chris Nolan , or a Roman Polanski ) At least then they might have had a good movie . Maybe Walker will have better luck with his next screenplay ...	-1
Not godzilla at all.Godzilla was very big and did n't hide in sewers.He knocked buildings down , didnt run around them.He was smart , not just a big iguana.This was more like an escapee from jurassic park.I liked Jean Reno , hated Mathew broderick .I really disliked this film first time i saw it but later revisited it ( this yr ) and didnt find it quite so objectionable but still should n't have been called godzilla .	-1
Fast Times at Ridgemont High is a good movie if you 're bored and have nothing else to watch . Its basically a bunch of teenagers going through life . No real plot or anything . There are a few interesting parts , but other then that , this one is just boring .	-1
Perfect when you want to watch something that takes you to a different time and place ... romantic , exciting , idealistic , arch and classic .	1
julia roberts plays a lady of the night who is given pity by a rich man and they end up shacking up.every julia roberts movie sucks.dont let your kids watch this filth.making a hooker out to be a good person is pathetic.she asks for 20 mill a movie now.i wouldnt pay her 1 penny to stand in front of an oncoming truck.thank your lucky stars theres no sequel.i dont see what the big deal is.a love story about a dirty woman who knows nothing about love only smut ? come on ! thats hardly belivable.i think shes a pathetic actress and she could make my top 100 babe list if i ran out of entrants around # 98 or 99.shes annoying.i guess thats why its on the movies because its a fantasy not reality .	-1
Superior casting , direction , and production values have produced a superior film that stays true to Austen 's classic novel without the excessive cloying `` cutesyfying '' of Gwenyth Paltrow 's depiction of the title role.I am genuinely stunned that there are reviewers here who expressed preference for the Paltrow film ( which is more a parody of `` Clueless '' than anything else . Yes , I understand `` Clueless '' is a modern retelling of `` Emma '' but it is still different in several pertinent ways . ) Beckinsale 's portrayal is EXACTLY how I would expect Emma Woodhouse to look and behave if she were a living breathing person.Thank A & E for giving us a `` real '' Emma .	1
I was very disappointed with this movie and was grateful that I purchased it from a bargain bin for only $ 3.00 . Based on the 1934 movie , Death Takes a Holiday , with Frederic March , this movie is pretentious , overly long , boring and even silly in places . Aside from a really bad blond dye job , Brad Pitt seems to sleep walk his way through the proceedings , ( one wonders what the quirky Johnny Depp or earnest Keanu Reeves would have done with this role ) , and Claire Forlani as his love interest is bland and uninteresting with little or no discernible chemistry between the two . The always reliable and highly talented Anthony Hopkins manages to give his always stellar performance with minimal embarrassment . Aside from the 1934 version you can also find a 1971 version with the talented , although unfairly forgotten , Monte Markham which is still superior to this remake .	-1
Without a doubt , one of Spielberg 's best . A clean , well-written movie that blows away most alien contact flicks . Science Fiction done with respect and love for the genre . Unfortunately , there are so many versions of this film floating around that you 'd better just wait and see what they do with the DVD . I for one hated the & quot ; Special Edition & quot ; and am just as unimpressed with the Director 's Cut . There are still scenes missing that need to be restored ( including the '77 ending ) , and only DVD can do the special effects and soundtrack justice .	1
I wonder if Amazon is going to post my review.Why does n't a Blu-Ray have any Special Features ? Wtf is wrong with these people ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! I will Not buy any Blu-Ray or HD DVD that does Not have any extras ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	-1
A limp production not large enough for Streisand 's ego . This vehicle is so self-absorbing , you 'd better have the barf bag ready as soon as you hit play on your VCR . The plot is so unrealistic , only the & quot ; sensitive & quot ; Barbra could have endeavored to make this film.Alright , already Barbra ! You 're the greatest and only good-natured person on the earth !	-1
Well , having been a fan of this film for a long time and through different DVD and now Blu-ray copies i must say that the movie does look better yes , BUT this is a `` CUT '' version and that is my main complaint . The Blu-ray edition finds the mistaken beginning of `` DENTIST ON THE JOB '' REMOVED ! To be a true edition of the film and a `` complete '' edition this should not happen ! Why for many years over several VHS and Multiple DVD 's present it in it 's original form only to cut the original beginning completely from the movie ? I mean it was ok in the ultimate editions and such on the remasters to ( in my opinion since it sounds very slightly different ) re-dub narration , but to remove part of the movie ? Who OK 'd this ? ! ? ! ? !	1
45 years after a movie was released & the movie could n't be released in its ' original format ? ? ? what did they know in 1968 that the company that released this dvd does n't know today ? if you want the movie wait till they release it . the is the abridged version . 1 star dvd & 4 stars the movie	-1
This is and will always be THE worst superhero movie of all time . Joel Shumacher made this Batman so ridiculous , naive , unappealing and laughable . The costume , the acting , the plot , the whole thing was a downright failure . I watched this movie when I was 8 years old and I found it stupid . 16 years later , I find it worse . This interpretation of Batman for me is atrocious and ridiculous.Joel made a foolish and comedic Mr.Freeze . In the comics and even in the cartoons , he 's made as a cynical , vengeful human being . In this movie , you see him dancing and cracking jokes ? Poison Ivy was passable , was not that bad . Bane was a joke , a green , ivy drenched small in stature character with no lines but screaming and saying : `` Bane '' .Then you have Robin , O ' Donnell did a good Robin , I ca n't complain , Robin is mostly whiny and vengeful character so his interpretation and role was good . Batgirl was horrible , first of all being blonde kinda changed the whole aspect of the character , secondly , Batgirl was n't such a rebel like in this movie and third , making her Alfred 's niece ? What a turnaround is that ? ! This movie was more of a spoof , a horrible movie all in all . Scenes like the Batman credit card , Batman catching Mr.Freeze , Mr.Freeze saying these one liners that deal with ice all the time , the secondary characters were almost non-existent , a complete failure .	-1
I felt that this film did n't have any original scares and surprises . The film starts out in the one and only scary scene where a group of doctors are performing an autopsy on some one who is still alive in an insane asylum . Then the inmates break loose and kill the doctors and are killed as well in a fire . After some years later Geoffrey Rush and wife Femke Janssen invite 6 people to the now converted asylum for a night of terror in which if the participants live through the night they each win 1 million dollars . You can guess where it goes from there people die and lots of needless gore . Through out the film as I watched it I found that a lot of the scares were taken from other movies such as the ghost man that shakes his head was taken from Jacob 's Ladder . This was another Hollywood remake that should have never been made . The original was far scarier and who does n't love Vincent Price . If you can avoid this film like the plague do it its not worth the time or the money to rent . If you want good horror see something like Jacob 's Ladder where the scares are constant and is also a moving film .	-1
This is the controversial film adaption that details the crucifixion of Jesus Christ . Director Mel Gibson was under controversy from Catholics , the out and out gore shown in the scourging . The Greeks and Roman Pantheons crucified Jesus , they deemed him a threat to their society . No Christian should go without having seen this . I was baptized Lutherin and I view this as an essential film .	1
I am a fan of action movies , but I 've found some of Van Damme 's previous flicks ( most notably , Knock Off ) , to be below average . After seeing this movie on TV , however , I was quite impressed and ended up buying it.As with most action movies , this one features a hero ( Van Damme ) who has to kick some butt , aided by a beautiful girl ( Natasha Henstridge ) . The movie starts off with a pretty good car chase , followed by lots of scenes with guns firing and martial arts sequences . The plot is n't extensive -- Van Damme 's character 's twin brother is killed and he now assumes his twin 's identity , only to be hounded by the Russian mafia and corrupt FBI agents.I 've only seen the VHS version , so unfortunately I ca n't comment on the DVD sound and video quality . Nevertheless , this is a good standard action flick -- in my opinion , Van Damme 's best movie ( or at least it rivals Bloodsport ) , and I recommend it for any action movie fan .	1
While Spencer Tracy was making a fervent plea at the climax of the film , Kramer 's camera was moving to a particular shot ... His camera was about to impart the flavor , the splendor , the magic of love ... Tracy was pronouncing his 'last ' touching words ... He was simple , fluent , logic and eloquent in his presentation ... His feelings were just part of his real life ... Kramer took his profile with the face of Hepburn ... Katherine was projecting compassionate eyes , full of tears as to overflow ... We were in a great moment of cinema , of fond tenderness and cherish love between two great super stars ... Tracy 's words evoked loyalty and compliment to the woman he loved all his life and who was about to leave in few days ... Tracy turned to Hepburn with a long look , and Kramer sustained the shot for few seconds with a deliberate silence ... Joey Drayton comes home from a ten-day Hawaiian vacation with the man she loves , John Prentice , a forty-year-old internationally respected Negro doctor ... Joey is determined not only to marry him immediately , but to have both sets of parents ' blessings ... The couple must leave that night for Geneva and the doctor 's post with the World Health Organization ... Matt and Christina are extremely likable , intelligent , wealthy , and hard working ... He owns and operates a crusading newspaper in San Francisco and she runs an avant-garde art gallery ... Now both are faced with a true test of their liberal beliefs ... Further tension is introduced when the man 's parents fly up from Los Angeles for dinner at the Draytons ' and find themselves as shocked and dismayed as the girl 's parents ... Sidney Poitier looked charming , refined , civilized , and sophisticated ... Katharine Houghton was fresh , innocent , and lovely ... The film won l0 Academy Award Nominations ...	1
Waited a long time to get this movie , and was disapointed in it . If i had been able to find it as rental first i would never have purchased it . Had some excellent funny lines by Ellen though . The best they had cut out and left in the gag reel .	-1
This is a great little supernatural film and a must for fans of the 70 's TV movies or B movie suspense thrillers.Great cinematography , superb score and another EXCELLENT car designed by the George Barris , King of the Customizers and the man who brought you the General Lee , the 60 's Batmobile , the Munsters car and Starsky and Hutch 's Torino.Because the photographer makes full use of the 2:35 widescreen in all shots , this one is a must for widescreen - do n't settle for the fullframe copies that are circulating or you will definately miss one of the most redeeming aspects of this film ! ! Only mistake I saw was that they really should 've given a bigger part to the Native American Deputy as there was alot he could have added to the story.The sound of The Car when the motors running and the horn honking terror seal the deal on this well made flick . Get it on DVD now ... ... ..	1
The reason this film cratered at the box office is -- -- that it is not very good . The pacing is terrible , scenes drag on endlessly , and a whole lot of stuff could have been cut to make this a good movie.I had n't seen this movie in a while , so I watched it again recently , and man , this is a much worse film than I remembered . Ed Harris is good as John Glenn , and his kindness to his wife and her stutter is touching , and the scene with LBJ is great . Also , all the Yeager scenes are very good with Sam Shepard . But -- -- -that makes up maybe , 30 % of the film .	-1
