beyond stoked ! bought so i could teach my son bass ... i cant believe how much sound comes out of this box . ampeg will always build my bass rigs , however big or small	1
So far I really like these . The thickness is about right for me which is sort of a light/medium . The grip is exceptional and they look sort of cool . I got six of them and will probably get more when these wear out . I doubt I will lose them .	1
These are solid , good build quality and really do get the job done well.Easily adjustable , versatile in design and function , get em !	1
I bought this with the idea I was getting a pedal that would give me usable Marshall amp sounds . After trying for a couple of hours , I find that it wo n't do that . I guess my combination of guitar and amplifier was n't meant to be used with this pedal . The guy who mentioned in the reviews about the sound getting thinner as you turn up the voice control , he was spot on about that ( very annoying effect ) . Nothing but praise goes to the supplier ( KDM Distributors ) . They did a fine job getting the pedal to me across the country . But the pedal itself , not for me .	-1
This shelf is so convenient and so often used that you would think that it should come on every music stand . It just slips on to the lower shelf and creates a smaller shelf for pencils , pens , clip on tuners , capos , etc . It pays dividens in not cluttering up your book shelf so that items go spilling to the floor every time you adjust a book or turn a page . I love how a pen , capo , or tuner clipped to the top lip of the shelf serve to keep pages firmly in place until your book is & # 34 ; trained & # 34 ; to stay in place . A must have , five star item .	1
This thing works great ! I play out live in clubs and this device is indispensable . Accurate and quick - great for between song quick tuning.It 's a Boss pedal - so it is rugged and reliable.I have seen this pedal on the pedal boards of top touring pros , recording artists and session musicians in and around the Dallas and North Texas area . I play locally and regionally in North Texas and see this pedal on almost EVERY guitarist and bassist 's boards every night.Great product - well made - worth every penny . ** UPDATE **After using this tuner for a month I can say that I made the right decision.Fantastic product that every guitar player needs - period . ** ** ** ** ** ** *EDIT 10-23-2012I have purchased another one of these tuners for an alternate pedal board.These really are the best tuners out there - you should get one today ! There is no comparison to anything else out there - nothing - I have looked !	1
I purchased this as my first guitar slide . I loved it for about one month , then it fell off my finger and shattered into tiny pieces . I almost cut myself ! I will never buy a glass slide again , I recently bought a Dunlop brass slide and love it . The difference between glass and metal is that glass is a muddier , mellow tone , and glass is crisper , louder , and does not break . I would not suggest this to anyone . The metal ones are about the same price , they do n't break , and sound way better . There 's a reason ALL pros use metal ! The review below is wrong . Slides are meant to cover your ENTIrE finger , all the way to the tip . You do n't bend your finger to play slide . You retune your guitar to an open tuning . Just thought I would point that out .	-1
Great deal on a capo , it 's about the same quality as one i would buy for 5x the amount elsewhere . It takes a while for the shipping , but that 's stated in the description . I was pleasantly suprised . I would recommend this capo .	1
I have a pretty weird pedalboard set-up involving an EHX digital Memory Man looped back into itself and another split earlier in the pedal chain . This does a great job of summing three outputs back into one signal before I go into a reverb pedal and then out to my amp . Takes a little while to dial in exactly where the knobs should be , and they get very loud at the top end , but I have noticed no issues with sound with each knob at around 4.5/10 . I tested to see if I could tell any difference in noise due to this pedal but found none .	1
Cheap and good texture rubber that does not get stiff . Only time will tell how well the soldering is . Sounds fine to me .	1
I borrowed a friends MXR to try and liked the added sounds it gave me . It filled a hole that was missing . since 80 % of my board is Behringer pedals I looked at Behringer first and was delighted when I found the PH9 Classic 90 . Side by side with the MXR , there was n't a hole lot of difference and with the Behringer 's added swirl switch , gives you a few more options . It also is made of metal for all of you that constantly criticize Behringer for their use of plastic in there other pedals . ( I 've read a ton of reviews and still have n't heard of one breaking because of the plastic ) As far as value to money spent , This pedal is again at the top of the list . Oh ! It also sounds great ! ! ! ! !	1
Just trying to find a midi to midi was a task , and you have to make sure the pin config is correct . This one is a good product and works just fine	1
I really like this strap , it 's comfortable , adjusts easily , and the pick holder is really convenient . This is my second one for my other guitar .	1
Very useful for acoustic guitars , electric and bass . If you do n't have a pedal board with a tuner , this is invaluable to quickly tune up . Small form factor and can be thrown into a guitar case . Good accuracy compared to my Korg pitchblack	1
I purchased this PA after reading several reviews and was convinced that is was right for me . I like that it is small and can fit right into my backpack . I was using the ION system it just got to be to much to carry around . I go around to different venues and sing . I just started in April after taking vocals for a year . I love it so much I 've purchased this and my own Shure mic . B205D is a powerful speaker system . I love the crisp sound and now I can hear myself sing when I turn up the music . I needed something with EQ on it as well . you really ca n't go wrong with this PA/monitor . I would have rated a 5 except when I turn it up around 45 degrees it begins to hiss . I 'm not sure if this is normal or not . you see I purchased an open box speaker . The outer box packaging was questionable but once opened the PA itself was in prime condition no visible damage and all the materials were packed well . The sound is great . I 'm testing it out at home for now still have some time if I 'm not comfortable with the hissing . Hope this helps with your decision .	1
It does what it is suppose to , cut vibration and well I might add . Much better than a standard clip on a mic . This one is not going to break if you take the mic on and off , since it 's rubber . If it does break , has a lifetime warranty . Had a Shure SM58 on a table , on a stand in this clip , pounded on the table , only picked up the tap sound my hand has making , and no sub harmonics vibrating though the table . Moved the mic off axis , pounded again , absolutely no noise . Ca n't ask for more than that .	1
Versus the Godlyke , I 'd say this is the better purchase . Though the Godlyke product claims 2000mA of power ( 2amps ) , this is slighlty less at 1.7mA ( 1700mA or 1.7amps ) . Anyway , if your drawing that much juice using your pedal board , you may want to re-consider what you are using . The product itself is plastic , but seems solid , I believe it will hold up to repeated use no problem . Being plastic though , you do have to be careful not to drop it or have it stepped on or rolled over , etc . I do like the fact that it does have a heavier gauge wire than the Godlyke product and seems slimmer so it will fit more readily into '1 spot ' as advertised . The heavier wire means that when someone rolls in their 4x12 cab your power supply cable will have a higher chance of survival . The extender that comes with is good , seems about as generic in length and space between connections as you can get . I only wish it came with two of them . I am using a Pedaltrain Pro board and at 32.9 inches , it will require a pair of the extensions to get to all the pedals . The combo pack also includes some other adapters for those odd pedals that refuse to conform and use 1/8 '' power connections , some 9 volt adapters for pedals with out any external power . One thing I have not checked yet is the actual output of the supply . A lot of companies think that if their voltage is 'close ' to 9 volts , thats good enough . The reality is that this is an indication of poor quality control and lack of intrest in producing a quality product . You will find some higher end devices specifically warn NOT to use anything higher than 9 volts so 9.6 volts is n't 'close enough ' . Anyway , while I have not checked the output of the adapter yet , I did fire it up on all the pedals I could power with the one extension that came with and everything worked nice and quiet . It is amazing how having a good quality power source can help eliminate some buzz and other 'noise ' from your signal chain . I 'd buy this again and in fact I may buy another just as a back up . It is a tad pricey at thirty bucks ... feels more like a twenty five dollar item given the all plastic construction but , all in all , a good buy over the competition .	1
I 've been using HOSA cables for quite a few years and find them to be professional quality and very dependable without being overpriced . I particularly like the right angle plug . It works well on most guitars except Strats and Strat style guitars . That 's still not a problem because I simply put the right angle plug in the amp and the straight plug in the guitar . This cable is far more flexible than plastic coated cables . I 'm very pleased with it and recommend it .	1
Very versatile tuner . It automatically tunes to the string so you just pick and tune away ! It also shows you chords in case you have forgotten them . There are other things you can do on this tuner and for the price it is a great buy !	1
Simply one of the best string winders I have ever used to date and I love it because I having large hands it really makes a difference . Not forget the added string cutter and peg puller to boot . Very good .	1
I always lose my damn picks , this helps . Hopefully I do n't lose this pick holder that would really suck because there is like ten in there !	1
These were the same strings originally strung on my Godin Seagull , and I absolutely love their sound , feel , and durability . The one reason I actually needed them because my G string broke while I was tuning too fast . The sound is almost identical to what D'Addario describes , these strings have a great , uplifting sound to them , hard to soft strums . Playing feels great with them , nothing out of the ordinary either strumming or the fretboard feel , clean and smooth . When replacing , I ran into no problems , quick and easy . I love the strings and their price , definitely will stick with this brand as well .	1
They are picks for guitars and they work . They also have pretty colors . Right now I am just writing to get the required words out . If you dont want anything heavy this is good for you .	1
I did n't want to spend too much $ $ for a guitar that I was n't sure if I would like it or not . There were a few at the local music store but 3 times the price . They were good quality and if this did n't work out then I would have probably gone that route . To my surprise , this guitar exceeds all my expectations for an acoustic guitar . The only downfall was that the frets were sharp on the one side of the guitar . The local shop only charged me $ 5 to shave them down . I replaced the strings right away . I 'm completely satisfied with this purchase and would recommend it . Definitely worth the price you pay .	1
it sticks on forever and holds lots of picks . It does exactly what it says it does . its also very cheap .	1
This microphone stand it a fairly good buy . Because it is a light and portable stand , it is not built to be fully extended with microphones , such as the Behringer XM1800S . Adding a counter weight maybe needed if you have a heavier condenser microphone . I found that I needed to line up one of the legs directly under the boom when it was fully extended . As it stands , I would suggest this as a fairly good deal .	1
I bought the TS version of these cables , and they have served me well , These are of the same quality , and a great value for the price .	1
This peddle works great ! I looked at many products for , just the right distortion and this one just topped them all . So glad I went with the M116	1
Ernie Ball 2223 Super Slinky Electric Strings -.009-.042 set is very good opportunity to replace the original strings on your new guitar.Recommend it .	1
I plugged in the amp , and I plugged in the bass , and there were no issues with the wire . This is one of those products you do n't want to overly notice , and in that it has done the job is is designed for .	1
I bought this based on video reviews on the net . My first impressions : To my ears , if the OCD / Ultimate OD simulates `` fat '' power tube distortion , this pedal simulates a lightly distorted tube pre-amp , with a bit of edge , sharpness , the kind of edge the tube amps have . The focus knob seems like a tone knob , maybe more in the upper mids than the treble , but it does the job well.I wish it had a bit more gain . Surprisingly , this pedal with the gain on 10 and the tone on 10 , gives me a great metal tone all by itself ! If i boost the pedal with say a few db of clean boost , it gets me exactly where I 'd want to be ( a dry , tight metal tone , kinda 5150ish . And while this is n't the purpose of the pedal , it is how I 've ended up using it just because it sounds better than any amp sim and produces less heat than my tube amps . It 's tight , its raw , there is no fizz and no boomyness , just a healthy low end . Crank the knobs on this thing to 10 and you have a very aggressive , tight tone that makes even my Marshall Class 5 tight and grindy enough for Scandinavian style metal.Over all though , this is great for lightly distorted / edge of distorted sounds . It gave my clean tone a sharper , more `` amp like '' tone ( that is , midscooped slightly with the tone knob in the middle . ) I think this would be great for Hendrix covers on his cleaner stuff , it just has that chimey , vintage amp character ( very early marshalls , older fenders ) with the ability to go from clean to dirty with simple attack variation . If your clean channel is overly `` flat '' , this will liven it up to more `` sharp '' , scooped tone , which to my ears sounds more vintage.Basically , from Hendrix to modern de-tuned metal ( with a definite mids emphasis - not `` 80s marshall mids '' but modern mids emphasis ) .	1
For the price I can hardly complain , but unfortunately the item was not the correct size for a Fender Strat replacement . Checked it Against my American Standard , MIM Strat and Squier and it would not fit any of them . Should have just used one of my dog 's chew bones and cut it myself , would have been more accurate .	-1
nice item ... works well ... great price , no need to own one of the more expensive ones for the job it does . I have to type more ... oops got enough typed : )	1
Well made , proven over decades . Switched from NS capo to improve tone with a one piece mahogany neck . Not sure there is a huge difference but there does seem to be an improvement . Requires less adjustment . Square pad allows placement right next to the fret . Easy to adjust with a bit of practice.I enjoy using quality machined parts , so this is a pleasure , plus it is built to last .	1
A good solid piece of equipment with great tone and control ! It came extremely well packed . For the price , this is one great little dynamo !	1
I have both the Fender G-Dec 15 and the 30 and the Line 6 Spider Jam just blows them away.The controls are much more intuitive than the G-Dec line ( like hitting the level buttonto bring the drum beat volume down so I could hear my guitar over it ) , and I was able to immediatelybring up whatever backing tracks , or drum beats I wanted and the only time I had to lookin the manual was to figure out how to change the tempo which is very easy.I only mention these capabilities to compare with the Fender line.Once you go further into the amp and get into the dubbing/recording it takes a bit moreeffort and the proper foot pedal.The amp can get really loud and I do n't see why you could not use it to gig with as long asthe venue is no larger than a standard bar or side show.Since I have only had the amp for a short time , I ca n't say anything about how it will holdup , but I have 8 other amps by different companies , and the quality is just fine.By the way , I have a G-Dec 30 for sale ? ? ? Addendum : The following is my take between the Jam and the 4 series , do with it as you wish.A modeling amp will literally model existing Amps , Artists , and Songs from different years.The Spider 4 does not have on board song or drum loops like the Spider Jam.If you are trying to get a specific sound of a band or musician or place in time , then the 4 isyour amp.If you need a practice amp , go with the Jam.I have both amps and as far as I am concerned , the Jam is a far better modeling amp as it does what the Spider 4 does plus drum and song tracks that you can play along with plus a whole lot more , even if it is based on the Spider 3 technology with a JM4 Looper as its engine.While the Spider 4 ( I have the 150 ) is a nice amp , it is VERY SPECIFIC to the user needs and isnot that flexible.I do not agree that both amps are worthless without the foot pedals , as I used the Jam for a longtime without , and only acquired the Express pedal when I ordered the Spider 4.Also be very aware that the Line 6 documentation on their amps is very , very lacking , to put it mildly , and there so-called on line videos and user groups are just as lacking as their documentation .	1
I plugged it in the outlet . Plugged it into my Fender Mini Tone-master Amp . I do n't need to worry about batteries any more .	1
Although this is a very solid feeling pedal and the output and sustain knobs worked , the attack knob ( the control for how much compression you want to apply ) did absolutely nothing . I even checked it in my recording software by looking at the waveforms and there was no change at all regardless of the attack setting.Perhaps my pedal was a rare defective one , but none-the-less I returned the pedal back to Amazon and will search for another compression solution for my pedal board .	-1
For anyone who has had the experience of a strap coming off at the most inopportune time and seeing your baby go crashing to the floor only once , is enough to justify a strap lock system of some kind . I mount my guitars on the wall when they are not being used , so I wanted a strap that can be put on and taken off easily . Anyone who removes and reinstalls their strap knows that it does not take long for those eye holes to become loose . Also , I did n't want to have short & # 34 ; strapletts & # 34 ; dangling from my guitars while it 's being displayed . So for the couple bucks they cost and 10 minutes , I get everything I wanted . Quick release and reattach of the strap , the piece of mind that it 's not going to just randomly drop one day , And they come in all the standard finishes , chrome , black , gold , nickle and they do not detract from the visual artistry of the guitar while on display . I have these on all my guitars and always will . As an added bonus , once you have these on multiple guitars , you can quickly swap out straps as often as you change your underwear .	1
I honestly do n't see the purpose . It does n't seem to have improved my experience with my strings on my guitar . I 've used it a few times , but do n't see the benefit.Edit 5/30/13 : After coming back to read the other reviews , it 's obvious what happened : This was shipped to me completely dry . There was no grease/lubricant qualities . It was like a dry erase pad . They need to improve their quality control . I 'm changing my rating from 3 star to 1 star . They HAVE to find a way to fully secure this gap or maybe consider enhanced vacuum sealing packaging.I would suggest if you receive this product and it has n't dried out yet , to place this product in a air-tight ziplock bag to reduce the likelihood of this drying out .	-1
Like the other one star reviewers -- my problem is that the head broke off . I tried to glue it back on , but it just fell apart even worse when I tried to do that . If you buy this , you really need to baby it ! My advice is look for a more sturdy model !	-1
It 's about the size of a credit card , and half as thick as a deck of cards . It 's fairly light and the plastic feels a bit cheap but it does the job it 's supposed to do . You can either play the notes to the built in mic or connect it directly via a guitar cable . It has a switch to change between Bass and Guitar , and it accounts for the extra strings on 5 string basses or 7 string guitars.It also has a button to tune it down lower ( 5 half steps ) so you can do some alternate tunings too.Lastly it has a button for & # 34 ; Sound & # 34 ; so that it produces a tone for you to tune something to manually . The display is very fine and kinda hard to read , but it has lights above the LCD screen to show if it 's flat , in tune or sharp , so you can focus on that if you have trouble.It comes with 2 AAA batteries . I have no idea how long they 'll last yet but I have some rechargeable batteries for use in it later .	1
so I never had the luxury of the Grolsch brand strap locks.I tried to raid the water bottles at the local cafe , but alas , I was too slow.It 's a bit hard to forge a strap lock out of a Carlsberg bottle cap.So the Fender ones will do just fine , plus they come in 2 colors and say Fender.Time to open another Carlsberg , cheers Fender .	1
This pedal is very well constructed but it goes through batteries like CRAZY ! You will want to get a power supply if you opt for this unit.I 'm not too fond of the sound quality of the reverb either- there are a LOT of better sounding units out there but some folks might find it acceptable.Over all I would not recommend this product .	-1
A bit heavy and does n't fold up to be very compact but its not like there are any better options out there so ... Would love an aluminum one that could fold up real compact but ...	1
This is a simple humidifier for guitars with a round sound hole . It would not work for an f-hole archtop or other types of instruments such as mandolin or ukulele . Inside the sturdy plastic case is what appears to be an ordinary kitchen sponge . If you use distilled water ( as recommended ) it should last quite a while . The top comes off with a gentle press on the sides . The dry sponge can be a little difficult to remove with fingers but tweezers or needle nose pliers work perfectly . Do n't push it all the way in after moistening and you wo n't have a problem . I drip a little distilled water on the sponge , squeeze out any excess , and the assembled case pops in easily between the D and G strings , suspended in the middle of the sound hole . They ca n't be seen in the photo but there are small ridges on each side that hold the top in place against the strings . I 've never had one of these move from where I left it.If the sponge is n't dripping wet you should never have a problem with drops of water in the guitar or case . When the humidity is very low ( 30 % or less ) the sponge dries out in 2 to 3 days even if the case is n't opened . As with most humidifiers of this type you will have to check every few days.If you have ever had a crack appear in the top of favorite guitar ( or do n't want to see one ) use a guitar humidifier ! Especially during the winter - heating a house tends to drop the indoor humidity below safe levels ( between 45 % and 60 % is ideal for most guitars ) . Air conditioning can do the same . For especially valuable guitars it would be worth buying a hygrometer to keep in the case but for most guitars having one in the room where you keep you guitar ( s ) is okay . For many reasons it 's always best to keep your guitar in a case or gig bag when not in use . A humidifier is inexpensive extra precaution at those times of year when temperature or humidity changes quickly .	1
Does n't reduce sound worth a darn . I thought plugging the sound hole would muffle things . Muddies it up a bit maybe , but not really a reduction in dB .	-1
I dont know what all the hype is over this thing . The idea is good and its cute . Its for kids and metal heads that want to play screaming guitar but not blow the windows out . How many of these types of noise boxes do we need ? Not only for the price you need to have a speaker cabinet to go with it . Go buy a 20 watt Roland cube at least you can play some clean guitar also . Or any combo little amp . It 's for bedroom use only . You have a external power supply to hook up to it then you need a speaker wire . Being light weight as it is also if you move around with your guitar you will pull it off the speaker cabinet and drag it around the stage with you . Just get a distortion pedal at least it stays in one spot .	-1
very awesome item . really useful for tuning . have n't had any problems with it at all so far . Looks very nice	1
This is a handy little tool . The winder is nice and the clipper works well . It does n't pull the bridge pegs out so it does n't get five stars from me . And do n't be too rough when winding or it will break .	1
I love the Tortex .50mm picks ( red ) . I have one that 's over 4 years old and still going strong ! Yes , the turtle and writing eventually get rubbed off , but they never leave black residue on the pick or the strings . I use the red , yellow , and orange Tortex 's exclusively for practice and performance ( I 'm a church worship leader ) . My highest recommendation .	1
love the on and off switch and the sound is great with little or no feedback , would purchase this mic again .	1
I mean you paid 15 $ for a pedal that if you want to buy from the BOSS it 's about 6times this price and if you want it behringer it 's about twice this price . It does what is supposed to and it does n't have a cheap look . For home and garage entertainment is good enough . I was trying this pedal before i buy any other pedal from the same brand , but now that i know that i like it i 'm going to buy the distortion ( red ) one . i 'm only sad they do n't make a noise gate or something similar . That would be the top of the deal .	1
When I bought these I was looking for pop filters to use with a pair of condenser microphones to help keep the wind pops from ruining a recording . Once these are in position they work just fine , the problem is that getting them into position can be harder than it looks . The device clamps onto a microphone stand and then you adjust the goose neck to get the filter where you need it . The filter and the goose neck are fairly heavy and as such it was often a struggle to get the filter where I wanted it and to keep it there.On the plus side , the device looks nice and professional and it has held up over three years of use .	1
The mic has loud voice in my Karaoke . The stand makes my setting professional . You feel different when there is a stand holding the mic .	1
This little foot stool is really sturdy . It stays in place beautifully . No rocking sideways , no wobbly action.If one of the notches does n't do it for you , you 're screwed : There 's no gradual adjustment . But the positions it allows make sense for 99 % of players .	1
I 've been using D'Addario XL nickel wounds on my P-Bass for a long time . They have a lot of tone , they seem to last a long time , and they 're not very expensive . These strings have the same feel as the nickel wounds , but are a lot brighter You get lots of overtones and high end from these . The choice of gauges is a little different from the regular XLs , too ; instead of the .085 A and the .100 E they have a .085 A and a .105 E. That 's just enough to give you a slightly more solid low end , and more metal to dig into , while retaining low tension in the D and G. I 'm more of an old-school player and prefer nickel for that mellower sound , but if you 're into funk or more modern sounds , you may feel that the bright SS sound is for you , and if so , these are a great string .	1
it 's semi-secure on carpeting or hard floor , but all together I am pretty unsatisfied with this stand . The bottom piece has no way to lock in place , and although with the guitar on it it is more stable , I am not comfortable enough risking my wonderful guitar to something rather flimsy ... I prefer the one that is mounted on the wall as more stable overall . This one ? Meh . Not worth the purchase in my opinion ... booooooooo .	-1
Love the quick release system , I just hook on one end to the guitar and the other to a strap , perfect for use when you are standing and playing . I can just quick release it when I 'm done.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you , it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews , and leave a comment if you have any questions , I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help .	1
Tried this and was not happy . Seemed to want to be off too much . Got the Fender FT-004 instead . This one does have a great view on the LED , but if it does n't tune right , what 's the point ? I would try the Fender . Just a note . if you want a great tuner try a pedal corded tuner . I would try one at a guitar shop before purchasing . Just a thought .	-1
I have bought and used about every banjo strap known to man , the Neotech is by far superior to anything else I have hooked up to my Gibson ESS . The straps are easy to hook and unhook , I have two sets on my banjo , one set for the Neo and another for the harness I use when the back needs a rest . It 's easy to uphook one and hook the other . Well done and I like the bounce feature , softens out the jolts .	1
Man , this thing would not even hold my normal sized picks ! DO NOT BUY - it is a wast of money ... ug !	-1
I switched over to using an Android tablet for notation when playing music . All of my 7 & # 34 ; tablets fit and even my larger HP Touchpad fits . I ended up using an Ainol Fire as my regular tablet . It would be nice if there was just a tiny bit more tilt up but it does what it is supposed to and it fits securely on the mic stand .	1
My guitar playing wife loves her super slinky strings . They sound wonderful and cost very little . What 's not to love ?	1
The industry standard for live performance , the SM58 has withstood the test of time and for good reason . These are the only microphones that I perform with , and the on/off switch makes it easier so I do n't have to power down all of my gear when I am done practicing ... I just turn the mic off .	1
This is supposed to be an Fulltone OCD clone , but to me , it sounds a bit better than the OCD , and worse.Has more low end and a smoother mid that the OCD . Thought isnt nearly as dymanic as the OCD , that may not be a good thing though , depending on your taste.If I turn the gain up past 9 o'clock , the pedal sounds more like a fuzz than an overdrive , and kills the dynamics.Thats a good thing and bad , as I like a fuzz tone , but thats not what I bought the pedal for.Overall I can live with it , its well built , sounds good and the price is unbeatable .	1
After online research , I decided to buy ( and found locally ) this midi pad to use in Reason 4 . Although not confirmed ( online ) as working with Reason , I was happy to see it worked immediately with no problems . My CPU is Windows 7 , but it worked on my MSI netbook also . This unit also worked in Ableton Live ( as stated online ) . I would recommend this pad to anyone looking for an affordable midi drum pad that works in many music programs .	1
Nice picks with very tasteful pics of hula girls . Gave some to my guitar teacher , and thought they were the hoot . A pick is pick , there 's no doubt about that , but a little art work sort gives it a personality .	1
Simple . Solid . Compact . Convenient . Audio quality is unchanged from my no name metal patch cables . For the money , you ca n't beat a six pack of these to open up some extra space on your board and clean it up a bit .	1
I lose picks so easily I needed a pick hold . This one sticks well to the guitar . Locating a spot for it depends on you and your guitar . Unless you keep it full of picks it will rattle . So I push one or two extra picks partly in the holder to stop it . I might try it somewhere on the strap .	1
I chose the patriotic design for obvious reasons . It is lovely . Clear shard silk screening . The capo itself is really good . It is very snug on the strings .	1
This strap is perfect ! It locks on your pins , no worry about sudden disconnects and is comfortable ( it 's not padded ) . Highly recommend !	1
It works well , I use it for my Oscar Schmidt . I do n't use it for feedback , I use it to protect it from the dust . It fits tight but it 's fine !	1
I bought this along with a new guitar for my daughter , as she is learning to play . My son has also joined in the fun . This is a pretty complex amp , and will require quite a bit of time to figure out everything that it can do . It can be a little daunting for a newbie .	1
This is more of a toy than a good pickup . It functions but does n't sound great . What did I want for this price anyway ?	-1
This little mixer is handy to have around for small headphone mixes and such , but do n't expect it to last forever as is typical with Behringer products . At least it 's cheap though ! I just wish it had a power switch ...	1
Good stitching , no slippage . Awesome strap . Fits straps locks just fine . Perfectly happy with this strap . Thank you earnie ball !	1
A fine inexpensive assortment of thicknesses for the beginning guitarist to choose from.A great deal for a nominal amount of money .	1
beautiful tone and durable string , nice tension , very good for bends , sweep picking and rakes . Did I mentioned great value ?	1
My picks fall out way too easy while i 'm playing live	-1
There is a problem with the design . When you move the head , the 3 little plastic pieces that hold the ball that allows you to rotate the head , just break off . The tuner itself is great , but the product fails because it broke in 5 minutes .	-1
I love these picks . They last a long , long time and are surprisingly easy to grip . Currently my go to picks	1
Both of the stands had parts that had fallen out , or were missing all together . When the pamphlet that comes with them states that they are fully assembled and guaranteed to be free of defects , this is a major concern . It may be that I got a bad box that got missed by quality control , but it does make me suspicious of Pyle products .	-1
This item was purchased because I 'm doing self-teaching on the fiddle . I figured it would be a good idea to have this to train my fingers while I 'm learning . Since I 'm used to fretted instruments this helps me visualize where my fingers should go . I like that it has the different colors for the different finger positions . I also like that it has perferations along the template so you can put as much or as little of the indicator on the fingerboard as you want.It did take some measuring to get this in place . I had to be very careful to put it on squarely . The closer I got to the bridge the more difficult it got and it was a little out of line , but not so much that it would affect how to use the template.One things I had to deal with was to make sure I had a MM measuring devise . The bridge of the violin had to be 325 mm from the nut . It took some doing , but I was finally able to get the bridge in the correct position in order to make sure the fred indicator would give me the correct notes .	1
These knobs fit well on the pots in my strat and they match the color of the black fender pickguard as well . They look nice , work well , were easy to replace , and do the job . What more could you ask of strat knobs ?	1
Good cable and has m et all of our needs . As all of know who use cables , only time will tell whether they will last .	1
I bought them at 45 dollars . Use for small music gigs and DJ/MC uses . They are great for DJ uses or other things where the quality of the voice is n't so important , as long as you can be heard and understood . I recommend for use of : 1 . Small music venues ( smaller bands ) , Djing , public speaking , band practices/rehearses , etc.For higher quality microphones at a reasonable price , look at the Audix OM2 when it 's around 80 bucks , or Audio Technica products .	1
If you listen or read what many pro guitarists and techies have to say about DigiTech effects pedals , they 'll tell you to stay away from them ... except for this one . That 's because the DigiTech Bad Monkey Tube Overdrive is an incredible value that could go head to head with any pedal made by BOSS or the $ 100 TS-9 Tubescreamer.In fact the TS-9 Tubescreamer is the pedal the Bad Monkey is best compared to . This is not meant to be a heavy distortion pedal with endless game - it simulates and overloaded tube amp that adds crunch and a little gain to an otherwise clean tone . Notes will sing and chords will really crunch , especially in blues and classic rock . But since the pedal works well as a level/gain boost , I 've heard of guitarists turning on the Bad Monkey in conjunction with other distortion effects , to really push them to new levels.But the best feature of the Bad Monkey by far is the two-band EQ . Virtually any distortion pedal has a `` Tone '' control that will make the tone darker or brighter . But since one band EQ basically takes away bass to add treble ( or vice versa ) , you may not find the sound you want . That 's what 's so great about the Bad Monkey - if you feel like your tone is too weak , you can fatten it up . If it 's too muddy , you can add treble . And you can make those changes without compromising the parts of the tone that you like.Construction is extremely durable - die cast metal , and probably heavier than a BOSS pedal . The switch is more similar to a BOSS than an Ibanez pedal , but I find that easier to use.If you 're a beginning player or a player on a budget , this would be an outstanding pedal to own , along with a more traditional high gain distortion pedal . There 's really no need to spend the extra money on a Tubescreamer , if that will prevent you from buying something else you need for your gear . But even for player where money is not an object , do n't overlook the Bad Monkey . It might just be the only tube overdrive pedal you 'll need .	1
These do a great job at passively eliminating noise while allowing you to hear your metronome ( or a mix from a soundboard ) perfectly . They are certainly worth the price .	1
As the title states , this is a lightly padded duffle bag , nothing more . If you 're toating between practice with an instructor , it 's okay . I purchased it for that reason ... and I 'm an adult , so I can be careful . This bag is useless for kids as a drop would likely result in damage . I would even go so far as to call it a glorified dust rag . It will prevent my guitar from scuffs , dings , dent & dirt , but that 's it.There are better gig bags at a comprable price and the only reason I gave it two stars was becuase of the dirt cheap price .	-1
I have three mic stands , with this one being the fourth . I STILL have three mic stands because this one was absolutely horrible.1 . The top mount would rarely stay fixed and kept dipping down.2 . The bottom clamp never did secure properly . It kept opening up even without a mic on it . The weight of the stand itself stripped it.I sent it back without hesitation .	-1
This is the best deal ever my first pedal was a zoom 505 gfx and it was really electronic and synthesized sounding alot of echos and stuff . Honestly the best effect it held was the phaser/jet pipe effect . I got this today and man it sounds so crisp clean and evenly distorted . It does the job distortion and sustain best buy for a best price ! ! bodow ! ! ! from Trinidad ! !	1
Let me say this is a a great cable in every aspect.First , it works extremely well . No popping or clicking at all . Very flexible but solid feel to it . It looks better in person than in the pic too . And with the lifetime guarantee , you really ca n't go wrong here .	1
These things are terrible . One would n't fit in my soundboard , another would n't lock in my mic . Plain and simple ... .if your looking for crap that does n't work ... .buy this .	-1
I like using these strap ties far more than I do tying a strap to the neck . They are a great idea . I found the button on the strap somewhat difficult to install the strap , but eventually got it on . I have two of these , and I use them . I 'd definitely recommend them to anyone who does n't like tying on their guitar straps .	1
It 's really not a 200w system . The booklet even says it is only 100 watts , and I doubt it is really even that powerful . The wireless microphone only works when you put your mouth about an inch from it . My Shure XLR wired microphones do not work with it even with an adapter plug . The instrument input works OK with my Taylor guitar , but it 's not 100 watts loud . I guess it 's OK as a portable guitar amp in a small venue without any vocals .	-1
Behringer pedals are the value leader in effects pedals . I have four of them and my latest is this compressor sustainer . It is very low noise and perfect for acoustic guitar and bass when leading music in a church setting . I 've had more expensive pedals over the last 25 years of playing , but it 's hard to beat the price features and quality of the Behringer pedals .	1
I bought 2 of these as controllers for my Alesis drum machine . One starts/stops the drum pattern and the other triggers the fill and change pattern from A to B . These things stay put and work every time .	1
Excellent strap for the money . The leather is thick and supple . In fact the materials are so thick , that it can be a little tricky to get the adjustment tail setup.A note about length- Some might find the standard Levy 's strap length too short , so be aware what you need and note there are XL versions of these . For me , many straps on the market in this price range are just too long for me , including those from Franklin , Dunlop ( BMF wide ) , and Mono ( even the short model was about an inch too long ) . I 'm a bass player and when standing , I prefer my bass to be at or just above waist height . A few basses , I prefer higher . I 'd suggest if you have a strap which places your instrument where you are most comfortable , measure button hole to button hole and be sure you 're ordering the right length .	1
This cable disproves the notion that you get what you pay for . It 's quality outweighs its price . Let 's face it , a cable is a cable is a cable . But the quality of these cables can vary greatly . I replaced a lighter cable with this one and I was surprised at the difference in the quality of the sound from my amp . I have an Ibanez ART series guitar into an Ibanez 15 watt amp set up in my home . With nothing changed but the cable , there was a significant difference in quality and volume . So much so that I checked with my guitar teacher who said he was not surprised . The quality appears good . The ends are heavy duty and the little bit of hum I had due to the proximity of everything was attenuated to the point where it was inconsequential . I 've seen more expensive cables and this one is ( so far ) great.Hosa GTR210 Guitar Cable 10 Ft	1
I love these picks and the .88mm seems to be the perfect balance of stiffness and suppleness for my playing .	1
So I am a big fan of the SM57 Microphone as a vocal mic due to its ease of recording and good sound quality.I have a bunch of the Large Style Condenser Microphones ( Rode NT1-A , AT2020 , SP C-1 ) and they are clear , but so sensitive that it 's difficult to get a solid performance and mix without them either clipping or picking up everything in the room . So if you 're like me andlike to let go a bit when you sing , you should try a Dynamic Mic for the wide range and forgiveness they can giveyou when you belt a little.I did an A / B test against the SM7B I just bought and the SM57 ( I love ) for vocals - with the exact same processing chain , cable , settings , etc . and just switched the mics out . I sung the same passage as well , and I have to say - the SM57 sounds muddy in comparison to the SM7B . If I did n't have this new microphone I would still like the SM57 , but the Genni is out of the bottle now ... so not going back . The SM7B is clear and sounds sweet in comparison and still handles the vocal sound dynamics very well.DYNAMIC SINGERS ( Rock , Jazz , GOSPEL , OPERA ) = If you have the budget get this SM7B and if you do n't , buy the SM57 until you do have the budget.QUIET SINGERS ( ACOUSTIC , FOLK ) = If you sing softly all of the time you really do n't need one of these dynamic mics , and would be better off with the standard Large Condenser mics as listed above . Of those type , I like the Studio Projects C-1 Best I think , but they are close .	1
i only bought with the idea that a `` FULL '' version of behringer 's sequence program came with it ... .needless to says its a `` compact version '' and for you OTHER iMac/OS X Users out there ? ? ? ? -- -- aint worth yer timeyer better off spending your money on Vst 's Au 's that will WORK with OSX and Cubase or garageband ... .other than that its another interface `` i guess '' as long as you want to use RCA plugs to do that with ... who the ! $ % ^ uses RCA to interface there analog instruments to their puter ? ? ? ? based on the software hustle im sorta sour but if yer a PC/Windows owner I would GET IT ! ! ! ! its about the cheapest way to `` intro '' yer way in to DAW/DAT interface ... .. Mainly im talkning to Katz who ownnewer Macs/iMacs who are truying to muddle your way thru music digital interface and Keyboard sequencingfor THOSE users yer better off buying a pizza probably ...	-1
If you 've never had a pedalboard before I 'd say pass on this one and look for one that is more user-friendly . The pics and description do n't show just how insanely large this is . It 's too big . Patch cables are crap and the power supply did n't seem sturdy enough to be kicked around.Besides this , I had trouble using it ( even for practice ) because the lip of the case gets in the way of my foot hitting the pedals.I ended up giving this one away to a friend and getting a Gator 'bone ' and a seperate power supply . Easier to practice with and easier to toss into another case with mics/cables rather than being a whole suitcase on it 's own .	-1
On my mixer , I have send/returns on the same plug using a 3 wire TRS with send on the tip , return on the ring , and a common ground . But my effects boxes like to have separate 1/4 '' TR ins and outs.This is the perfect cable for just such a hookup of things like the behringer sharkBehringer Shark FBQ100 Automatic Feedback Destroyerto the 1202-vlZ3 's send/returnsMackie 1202-VLZ3 12-Ch . Compact Recording/SR MixerI probably will order a second cable having seen how well the first one worked out on a send/return .	1
I gave this product 5 stars , simply because it did exactly what I bought it to do - reduce unwanted noise to my amp . You will have to play with the controls to get the exact settings where its not clipping your sustained notes off before you want it to . It does n't cut noise while your playing , but when your not it comes on a kills the noise . There are two lights on the pedal , one for the on and off and the other comes on when the pedal is working and reducing noise . If you have it set to high or to sensitive , it will not recognize the end of your sustained note and noise . So play with it and find your personal setting because I 'm sure every guitar and pedal board are unique in the sounds that start with your guitar and go through your pedal chain and out your amp . The NR300 works and as soon as you understand how it will do the best job for you , you will be happy with it . Oh , and if you switch it to Mute , it works as an on and off switch.. You also can not beat the price -- --	1
We 've all had guitar cleaning cloths and most do a good job . When I see the word microfiber I always think of those cloths that stick to your fingers when you are using them uck.This cloth is different it does not have the same feel as most microfiber cloths and it wipes away finger prints and anything else on your guitar body like nothing I 've tried before . With no cleaning solutions needed it magically shines the surface without scratching it.This would be great for Any instrument or anything else you want to polish without having to use solutions.Reasonably priced too .	1
This capo is easy to install and move and does not seem to pull the strings thus maintaining tune . Adjustment is easy and effective . The same company makes a tuning capo which I find handy at times .	1
It 's the same as the other flavors , which all work fine , but it looks great with my new white Gretch .	1
another item never received but i would not use anything over .88 mm anyway was mean for experimentation i have learned since this purchase .	-1
But unless you are new to guitar , you know that . These strings are more expensive because they are supposed to last longer . Really , I ca n't tell that they do . Or that they do n't . They sound great , and play great and I usually purchase D'Addario or Martin strings . Not sure if I would pay more for these in future , I play an average of daily to every other day depending on what gets in the way . Change the strings every couple of months . Just me at home so no big deal , if I were performing I would go through them faster.I 'm giving 5 stars because D'addario makes great strings . 'Nuff said .	1
As an amateur musician , I 'm always looking for ways to practice without chasing everyone out of the house with loud amplifiers and such . I thought this gadget would do the trick , but the quality of the sound and range of adjustment just did n't meet my expectations .	-1
Go build your own . Build it to your specs and have a solid stand . If not , you can find a lot better head stands . This one was a huge disappointment . Does not do what it says and can get you frustrated quick . Im back with my wood block and am happy .	-1
Cost efficient . perfect for a guitarist who loses or wears out picks easily . like it alot . will probably buy more next year ; )	1
I am forever meeting people who rave about this harp , but had not tried one for myself until today . It is a wonderful harp , with perfect tuning , easy bend-ability , does not buzz or squeak , and belies it 's reasonable sale price . I went for the Key of Bb , and love the tone , the playability and the just right feel of the instrument . For anyone not yet having a Special 20 , I heartily recommend it - beginner , intermediate or advanced students , or the performer on stage - this harp is simply great . I am not often surprised by anything but this harp surprised me - it is not expensive at all , and sounds as good as others I have that are four times the price . I am a Hohner Marine Band Special Twenty convert - I will get a couple more to add to my ever growing box of harps .	1
I 've always been a fan of these Fender Classic picks . They just feel right , wear very well , and make a nice sound in conjunction with a good set of strings on my Telecaster . I also think the price is pretty fair .	1
this is what i 'm talking about : cheap but very usual form behringer . very handy too . but i hope then would run on batteries next time .	1
If you are in a band or a sound guy for a band you got ta have one of these . The time and stress saved by not depending on trial and error to eliminate good/bad cable is priceless . Bottom line ! ! ! eliminate a variable and audio problems are faster and easier to solve .	1
Rugged , good looking , efficient ... sorta like me . Have several tuners of different names and quality . But this Seiko is certainly the quickest . The rubber housing is an excellent idea . Would buy another .	1
My hubby and I decided we wanted to learn to play the uke , so we ordered this set based on decent reviews . Wonderful . We learned to play thanks to this kit . While the instrument itself certainly is n't of high quality , it is more than adequate and has a good sound . The real jewel in the crown 'tho is the instruction book . Fab ! It is highly informative , easy to follow , and has some good songs in it . I still use it for reference and do not pick up my uke without that book nearby .	1
if you have never recorded vocals with a pop filter you do n't know what you are missing . This one works well , gets rid of a lot of the little sounds and all the pops . only bad thing is when it doesnt stay in place , but its usually fine	1
Really a nice upgrade ... especially for the price . They did stick up higher than the plastic pins , but I had read that they would . At least I know that they fit snug . Really look good !	1
This inexpensive pedal kicks ass , provides everything from subtle spring reverb to VAST cathedral-like reverb . The 'Space ' setting is unique in that it adds an interesting modulated overtone a couple octaves above the sounded note , providing a strange harmony . Some people pick on Behreinger because they 're stuff is ( still ) cheap . I admit that two of their pedals ( of the 10 that I have bought ) underwhelmed me . This one is a keeper !	1
Holds my picks but if i move it to another part of my guitar it tends to have trouble sticking unless i force it on the guitar	1
In this price point - it 's a good capo - if you know how to put one on and use it . I use it for lessons in case a kid steals it - so I 'm not losing my G7 capo which was $ 40 . Great capo .	1
I play Progressive and Thrash metal , and these strings hold out nicely . Tuned them down to A sharp ( b flat ? ) and they sounded sweet . Back up to E ( standard ) and they provide nice full sounding tone .	1
I am proud to have this product . Fits my fender well looks amazing ! Great quality in it also . I am pleased	1
They 're just great . Awesome for chord based songs . If you need to pick individual notes/strings , then you might want to go a bit thicker . With that said , you can do it with these , but the tone is not as nice ( sounds a bit softer ) .	1
Just what I needed to position my guitar while seated . I was worried it would not hold the weight , but it does well .	1
Yes this product is simple and expensive enough to raise some eyebrows . But this tool is very well designed . It keeps the guitar from sliding and positions it at a nice angle for maintenance . In storage mode , the mat rolls up into the clear plastic tube and takes up very little space . The bottom cover doubles as a storage compartment for your hex wrenches , string winder , and feeler guages.But the real reason I give this product five stars is because it allows me to work on my guitars while keeping them in perfect condition . That increases their resale value , so the tool pays for itself . And it gives me a lot of pleasure to have the right tools for the job . With the right tools , I enjoy working on my guitars almost as much as playing them . While I hear what those complaining of the high cost are saying , I am used to paying higher prices for good tools and I think this qualifies as a good tool . I used it to put new pickups in and setup my Squier Stratocaster last night without damaging my guitar . Without this tool , I do n't think I would have been so lucky .	1
This is a basic EQ pedal , that is a bit noisy in my testing . Even when running on battery power , there is a bit of hiss that is just enough to be annoying in my rig and probably enought to be very annoying in some higher gain rigs .	-1
Let 's ' be very clear from the start : The pedal board and the carrying bag are excellent quality . The board is solid , and the bag is very well made and will last a life-time . As other people have pointed out though , Pedaltrain must have outsourced the decision to locate the strap D-rings to someone who has never carried anything over their shoulder . The only reason this is not a 5-star review is because of the D-rings . That being said , do n't let that detract you from buying this . I just feed the shoulder strap through the carry-handle and it works well enough .	1
As a freelancer , I occasionally work with a band that plays the Midwest , performing on a near-weekly basis . These are seasoned veterans who have no interest in gear per se and even less interest in brand cachet . It 's all about money to them . I could n't believe it when I first saw the group using these Nady mics ( even lower-priced several years ago ) and insisting they were as good as Shure SM-57 's and 58 's . I still do n't believe the quality of workmanship compares ( any casual empirical test of build quality will prove as much ) . But these Nady 's handle the announcing , the vocals , and , when needed , the softer sounding instruments ( flute , harmonica ) , and none has broken or quit on my watch.I 'm a keyboardist , so mic power and fidelity do n't affect me . I 'm only a trifle mortified when there are musicians in the audience who catch on to how cheap we are when it comes to the all-important `` gear component . '' At the same time , my embarrassment , I confess , is not unmixed with a bit of demonic glee . After all , who 's playing -- and getting paid for it ?	1
After reading all of the reviews here and around the Internet , I took a chance since this is my first professional-level microphone . I 'm glad I did because it 's really great.One thing you will need , though , is a phantom power unit . I wish I could remember which one I got here on Amazon ( I think it was about $ 25- $ 35 ) but it worked great . Excellent sound quality , much better than any other mic I 've used .	1
I always purchase Grovers for my guitar straps but my 2014 Gibson Les Paul Standard Plus had a bigger strap knob so I bought this Dunlop and it fit the guitar perfectly . A good guitar is a big investment and you owe it to yourself to protect your investment with a good strap locking system .	1
The material used is fine . The looks are fine . The length is horrible . This is too short for most adults that play guitar . It felt like I was holding my guitar around my neck instead of off my shoulders . I attached it by the longest way possible and it was well short of what I could use . To me this was a worthless purchase . I just tucked it into a drawer and it will sit there and not be used again .	-1
I 'm a big believer and long time user of many different types of visual tuning devices . I play guitar , mandolin and ukelele . And this inexpensive tuner is the best one I 've ever used by a long way . I 've paid a lot more for a lot less . It has an option to use either an internal vibration sensor via the clip or a built in microphone . The dial is easily readable and adjustable to a wide range of viewing angles . And it has the fastest and best response of any tuner I 've ever used . It does n't require a loud volume to `` hear '' the tone . Finally , it does n't seem to wander around trying to attune itself to the note you just played , but it does instantly sense very fine differences in that tone . If I detune by about 1/16th of a turn on my tuning machine ( an difference I ca n't hear with my own ear ) , this device detects it immediately . All in all , this thing is a whole step up in accuracy in tuning .	1
Holy buckets of tone batman ! Let me start by saying , I 'm always on the quest for great amazing tone . I think it ends here . This pedal is absolutely remarkable . Built like a tank , I 'm pretty sure it will out live me . Its full of sonic options.The overdrive has a level , tone and overdrive . Almost self explanatory except the tone is more of a presence knob and less of an EQ which is a total plus in my book . it also has a mini toggle for comp cut , fm , and vintage modes . The comp cut is more of a clean boost to push your amps front end , the fm is really transparent , and the vintage mode gets you that creamy midrange bite.Yes , this may be another tube screamer clone , but it 's a darn great one.The added MOSFET circuitry toggle gives it a lovely growl your low-end fattening it up , if thats your cup of tea , while the standard leaves it more transparent . You should know this switch does effect the whole signal , not just that of the boost side.On to my only negative check on this pedal , the boost ONLY works when the OD is on . It is not a boost to be run in series with the overdrive , just additional circuitry to add more gain to your OD signal.Another great feature , this pedal can be run at different volts from 9v-18v.Running at standard 9v gets you easier breakup , whereas 18v will get you more headroom.This pedal wo n't be leaving my board , probably ever . If you 're even thinking about it , just do it ! ! ! You 'll never regret it .	1
Bought it as a gift . Friend loved it very much .	1
The width is nice , wide enough to distribute the weight , but not too wide . Attaching it is a snap . The suede gives it a nice 'grip ' to your shoulder so the guitar does n't slide around .	1
I am not going to say this pickup is the best thing since sliced bread , but it is built solidly and built to last . It is simple , practical , and cheap . There are obvious advantages and disadvantages to that . You do n't buy $ 150.00 pickup for a $ 200- $ 300 instrument . Being able to plug in and be self-sufficient ( in most rooms , especially at open mics ) is easier and better than relying on a mic , especially for beginners , because it takes skill and discipline to stay within the mic 's sweet spot . Also , some rooms/PA's/hosts do not work well when trying to mic an instrument . At least a pickup like this has the potential for keeping the sound front and center . ( I will experiment with different instruments & write more about the quality later . ) That said , there is only one piezo element , unlike a K & K ; pickup , for example . So it is limited in giving you optimal sound , no matter where it is placed . Also , in case you can not tell from the image , the soldering connection and wires are exposed on the jack , so it can only be used inside your instrument , which means drilling a hole .	1
This is an amazing guitar . I could n't put it down , I have experience playing really , really expensive guitars . My $ 500 `` beater '' acoustic I was just going to take to the beach and stuff actually got warped and never played well at all , I could n't imagine what I would b getting for $ 90 . By was I wrong . It 's my best acoustic currently ! This thing sounds like , sustains , and holds its ' own tune like a similar $ 2000.00+ Martin model and that 's ZERO exaggeration ! Get it and see , you will be blown away . I bought a second one . I just wish I had found this guitar sooner .	1
The ebow is a crazy concept . It 's fun to use and also very challenging . It comes with a book that had many variations on how to use it , which was nice . Comes with a velvet pouch and dvd . It 's a little pricey now I assume from supply and demand but if you 've got the extra cash and play every day , pick this up . Also , I played in a band and we did Miserlou and the other guitar player played the trumpet part with an ebow . I do n't know how he did it or what setting his amp was on , but it sound like there was a TRUMPET in the room . He clearly , was good with an ebow . Goes to show how diverse they are .	1
I 've been trying to get a specific sound for quite a while now . This pedal completed that task . It 's hard to describe the sound that this pedal provides but it is perfect . Very punchy and crisp . You ca n't go wrong with Behringer pedals . They are plastic though , so they might not hold up under heavy road use , but for home studios they are perfect . Highly recommended .	1
I expected this to come with a DC adapter . Nowhere is it mentioned there would n't be any or I could have ordered one . The product is good , surprisingly loud . The bass is too much for the body and the battery cover sort of rattles ( once the battery popped out by itself when I played a low E ) but that 's no issue . I have only used it with a 9V battery so far and noticed a continuous noise on a high gain . I hope that does n't happen with an adapter . It 's a nice little amp , good for carrying around . If you have long fingers , you can sort of hold it between your outstretched thumb and middle finger along it 's height - it 's that small ! A guitar strap , a backpack and a 5ft cable and you could easily walk around the house playing it . The distortion it gives is good . Not good for palm muting . This is nice for practising Randy Rhoads , The Doors -type of rock where not many effects are used.Also remember the DC adapter has a polarity outer ring + and inner - . Many adapters come with the reverse of this polarity so make sure you check that before plugging in one . It 's easy to change the polarity , open the box of the adapter and exchange ( needs soldering , obv ) the red and the black wire places !	1
Good quality but not as nice as some pricier ones . If I want better I would shop around and pay more . Does the job for now .	1
A bargain at the offered price . Gives you virtually unlimited sustain . It is a good cheap addition to my effects board .	1
I 'm using four of these for Podcasting - they seem just a tiny bit flimsy but for my purposes where they will be gently used I am completely happy .	1
quiet , almost hum free - clear respose - no volume control does n't befront me because i use it to record & to play thru a PA where either I or someone else keeps the volume under control . It tends to be bass heavy , but a slight eq revisit more than compensates for that . I had used one in the past , this is a more solid unit & fits movement free in the soundhole of my guitar & also in two others i use here and there . great job . great value . got herre quick in a nice little carry bag & I will update if problems come later - do n't see why or how tho	1
This is definitely a microphone stand for amateur use - it would probably fall apart fairly quick `` on the road '' or if it were adjusted constantly.That being said , it 's a great little stand for low duty/home use . I 'm using it with a Blue enCORE 100 microphone , which is n't really heavy , but still weighs close to a pound . This stand holds it very sturdily , and with the boom feature , it can be set up in just about any position I would ever need.If you have a fairly lightweight mike and just need something to set and forget , this is a decent stand.And for less than $ 25 bucks , it 's a bargain .	1
The device itself is difficult to read in bright light.My first one arrived not working at all.The second one arrived with a low battery . What ? After three days the battery goes out.I would have returned it , but lost it because it does n't adhere to the headstock very well . You 've been warned .	-1
I 'm a raw and green beginner who is about the slowest learner ever.am 43 almost 44 and have been learning since 42 almost 43 . That being said using the looper was an eye opener . I bought it as a learning aide , to loop a progression and then try and run some pentatonics over the progression . The thing that opened my eyes is listening to the looped progression I played . There 's no denying your mistakes when you hear them while not playing . Let 's just say I 'm not as close to being a player as I thought and I would & # 34 ; not & # 34 ; figured this out for quite some time if not for the looper . So it is an amazing critic for us beginners . And if your like me ( and you experienced guitarist ) you saw all the demos online and know what you as an experienced player can use it for . It 's an incredibly easy to use piece of equipment , after playing around with it for about 5or 10 mins you 'll have the gist of it . From what I understand it 's very basic compared to other loopers , i dont know anything about that but if your looking for just a simple to use looper this will definitely be to your satisfaction .	1
It is a good pedal . It is not heavy and the price is good . It is a good choice for a beginner . Thank you .	1
I bought one for my tenor and a different brand for my soprano Ukulele , , I found I like the snark better for the dollar more in cost.. the other has multi use ( bass , chord , ukulele ) and seemed cheap , I liked the snark so much I bought this one for my concert ukulele , , you might ask , Huh why one for each ukulele , if you play , , then the answer is simple , for 10 bucks I do not have to hassle swapping tuners out , , and can just grab my ukulele and go .	1
I needed a 9-volt adapter to use with an Danelectro N10B Honey Tone Mini Amp . This was recommended and I am happy with the product .	1
Not a great mic , but if you need something realitively cheap , it 'll do . Limited dynamic range . But , it works . Wish I 'd have gotten something a little nicer though .	-1
I have one gig bag already ( not like this Fender ) , and wanted another gig bag for a third guitar I bought . This Fender is lots better then my other bag . My other bag has the storage pockets on the broad bottom part but not the nice storage pockets up on the neck like this Fender bag . The Finder 's padding is a bit better than my other bag also , but , of course , neither is as good as hard case.I am handicapped with a prosthesis on my right leg . I need the back pack straps on back of a gig back to help me transport my guitar , because I use crutches and they require my hands . The Fender 's straps are great . The left strap on my other gig bag would often work its over and off my shoulder and then the guitar would hang all catty-wompass and it became difficult for me to carry . The straps on this Fender stay put - love it.The guitar I tote in this bag is a Martin HD-28 . But , it can also my Blueridge BR-180 or my Seagull S6 Coastal Spruce . Either of my three acoustic guitars fit the Fender gig bag perfectly.Like I said , its a great gig bag . If I ever need another , I 'll be getting another Fender gig bag .	1
If you are picky these are all eye candy ... nice flexible , easy to hold and I received on time at a great price .	1
I purchased these cables for my Behringer 802 mixer & MXL 770 mic and these cables are perfect ! Finally get to have quality sounding tracks knowing I have the professional cables to back me up ! The best XLR cables you can find . Hands down .	1
I have seven of these that I use on my Ibanez AM73 's , but they are perfect for anyAM series guitars ( like the 93 ) .The bag is well padded , and not to expensive.It seems it is always on back order which tells me they are very popular.The dimensions are : 41 '' L , 14 '' W at Bout , and 3 '' Deep . It has two large zippers ; the head zipper goes all the wayaround , and the bout zipper stops before entering the bottom area which is the ONLY draw back to thisgig bag , as with ALL deeper guitars , you want the bottom ( bout ) zipper to at least complete the bottom areato make placing and removing easier.This is the best gig bag I have found in the last few years for the smaller bout guitars that does not cost too much .	1
the cable hisses , crackles and pops right out of the package . save your money and buy a better cable . i will buy cables locally from now on so i can easily return them if they are defective . i would definitely not buy this product again or recommend it to anyone else .	-1
These replace the OEM tuners exactly without requiring any modification of the headstock . They look fine . When I get the guitar back together I expect that they will work properly . Delivered on time as promised	1
Warning the tuners have two bumps instead of one . When I looked at the picture it looked like there was only one but there is two and I didnt find it anywhere in the description . Anyway it just lost one star for that I still put them on my guitar and it looks bad a @ # ! ! ! !	1
This mic is excellent , it 's pretty much a straight up clone of an sm-57 and for the money there are no mic 's even close to this one . Also the price at orange county speaker 's website is $ 29 and $ 25 in store so I 'm not entirely sure why it 's $ 50 on Amazon .	1
These come with a stereo holding bar and adapter for mic stand . They do need 48 V phanom power from your board or a mic amp . I 'm using a mic amp and these are the input to a paging system which I will review in more detail later . The 48VDC comes from the mic processor then cancels feedback and sends the paging audio to my amplifier which I will review as a set.If you do stereo recording , you ca n't go wrong with these - their self noise level is so low it is below that of a human ear . It sounds great , and setup outside with 140 dB of gain it really performs well hearing birds chirp from far away , rain drops comming down , and sounds you never would hear.Note : NEVER get these wet - you must have a cover over them for outdoor use in the rain.You will need 2 XLR cables for full stereo recording with the transfer bar , but you already know that .	1
The joyo tremolo is awesome , best for the buck . It 's just as good as any , I love the joyo pedals . affordable and does n't break the bank	1
The HDE xlr to usb is ubs . I have the same problem the red blinking syndrome . I learneda long time ago dont try to fixsomething you paid for send it back . So I did Thanks Hde for wasting my time . Go sell your snake oil to someone else ... ..I	-1
These picks are perfect . They are just the right feel for medium and look awesome . What more can you say about picks other than they are perfect .	1
I compared this side by side with two other reverbs-1 ) The Boss '63 Fender reverb2 ) The Electro Harmonix Holy Grail.I found the EH- Holy Grail the most natural sounding and the simplest to operate with only 1 knob and one switch.The TC pedal did sound nice , but to my ears slightly sterile by comparison to the Holy Grail.I thought the Boss pedal sounded pretty bad.Pros of the pedal : - several settings and with all the knobs , highly adjustable- mono or stero ( 2 inputs , 2 outputs ) - standard 9 volt power supply jack used by most pedals- I liked the spring reverb , and the `` mod '' reverb which was lush.Cons : - Sounded a little sterile compared to EH Holy Grail , but close and still good- I thought the number of different reverb settings was actually overkill and just there to look like it did a lot . To my ears , the rest were less distinctive.-Priced at $ 150 , seemed a little high although I know there are other pedals that cost more.Overall a nice pedal , I ca n't really ding it for the cons above so I still gave it 5 stars . I had to compare a couple times to the EH holy grail to make my decision . In the end , the grail was cheaper , simpler and sounded more like a real reverb tank in my opinion .	1
This pedal has tone ! its very easy to use and program , I did not have idea on how to use it , and really quick I got it , it has a great interface , it sounds great , you just need some time to adapt and you will be creating your own tones in no time.The distrosion is great some people say they arent but I really love them , its a matter of taste and creating your tones , some preset may not be good for youThe downside it does not have the AC adapter but I knew this.The lights under certain light conditions are very bright , But this pedal is note heavy , well constructed and sturdy , I got the AC adapter so I dont have to be on the batteries all the time.This pedal has the whole package , effects , great tone , great distorsion and cleans .	1
I 've used this strap on different guitars and it works great on all of them . If you 're looking for an economical strap this will work great . My experience has been that Ernie Ball makes great products .	1
Use this for home recordings and some voice over recordings for work . I like the long neck on it and its a double filter so you get a tad bit extra . I tested it against my single filter and it did make a difference , as expected . It makes sense that if you have an additional layer there it will filter more effectively , but I wasnt sure if it would effect tone or highs , and I didnt notice either effected .	1
Still glad I have it -Would prefer to exchange a slightly larger package for full size keys , and the action is a little weak - less than 'synth ' action..but it works great , weighs almost nothing and is ultra-portable .	1
I was surprised at the good quality for such a little price . It does exactly what I needed it for .	1
Easy install and great price . Shopped these for awhile and had to get all my guitars off the floor , bed , corners of room etc Installed in two minutes . Holds neck lightly - easy up easy down . Padded so does not scratch finish on neck . Will buy again .	1
Big disappointment . I 've been so impressed by Epiphone 's but this one did n't do it . Quality of manufacture and assembly great . Pickups far less than inspiring . Yes , it 's a great platform but was so expecting those P90 sound . I may have received the one in a hundred lemons as so many have commented positively on it . Just did n't have the tone and bite I was expecting.I could certainly invest in some PUP 's but I have too many great P90 guitars to bother . Roll of the dice I guess .	-1
D'Addario strings have become the favorite for all my guitars , and now my two mandolins . Consistent quality and good tone and volume have made me loyal to the brand .	1
Bought a couple of these as replacement tubes for my bass amp , and I think they improved the sound over the original EH ones . These are considered `` boutique tubes '' , but I think they 're popular for a reason .	1
Well ... its a stand.. its super cheap and i do n't mean the price . the edges are sharp and the piece that holds the neck of the guitars is leaning too far back.. i stuck some cardboard under the rear post to help keep that back brace more up right and no leaning back . its going to work but i bumped the bottom with my bare feet and it cut me pretty well . Instructions were ok.. came with more parts than what were required ... all holes filled and i have of of each part extra.. the guitars do not sit very well in this stand ... i will use it until i can find a better one.. it will get replaced.. i really should send this POS back to Amazon . the concept is great but the execution of it sucks . it folds down but not sure i would use this as a portable stand.. there are better options out there for something portable . this stand is worth 10.00 tops ... if i had it to do all over i would save my money .	-1
I love dunlop straps because I 'm a tall guy and they 're long enough for me not to look like an electric-guitar-playing-mariachi .	1
I have already laid down 8 tracks and the process is effortless . Easy export to Protools for final mix but the internal tools are sufficient for a decent working demo .	1
Very nice polish ! I have thirteen guitars and I would like to keep them all looking as great as they were new ! Gets very shiny and smooth almost like its new from the guitar shop ! Use it on everything !	1
I have two of these for my acoustics , and when I get another acoustic ... I 'll be buying another one of these . Nice quick release without having to tie anything . I have one that is over 5 years old and still works like a charm .	1
I bought this in a few colors so my other reviews are on as well . I like the thickness of this pick . Easy to hang onto when strumming . Love the tone I can obtain too .	1
Im a man on the move and am constantly away from home . I take this bad boy with me everywhere to satify my need to pick 6 strings . great for takin to the beach or on the boat or to entertain yourself on long car rides .	1
This is a nice , sturdy well made guitar stand . It is great for gigs as it is small and travels lightly .	1
Polyweb strings have a heavier coating so I prefer nanoweb for the ultra-thin coat and brighter sound . They 're easy on my fingers and make the most beautiful sound . Because they 're coated and have anti-rust , they last up to months longer than regular strings and do n't make much finger sounds . Favorite strings .	1
There 's not much to say about this product , except that it works . It makes my strings last longer . Sometimes I get lazy owning so many guitars , and 20 minutes per & # 34 ; well done & # 34 ; restring adds up . This is a great way to put that off and keep jamming for as long as possible . It 's small and conveniently stored too . I recommend trying it out !	1
I was n't expecting much from this case ; I bought it on a deployment to take a guitar back home with me that I had also order off Amazon that was of better quality then I had expected . This case is sweet ! I love the black and crome , it looks great and the inside is well cusioned and really smooth . If you need a case do n't even think twice about , this is a great one at a great price .	1
About ten years ago , I installed strap locks on my first guitar ( Fender Stratocaster ) . They worked well and were easy to install . I subsequently installed Dunlop strap locks on many other guitars with mixed results : the screws are really small and they would some times get stuck in the middle of installation . I had to drill additional holes no two guitars ( Gibson SGs ) . Ouch.This made me take a second look at Schaller . The components , beginning with the screws , are of much higher quality than Dunlop . It took me ten years to realize that I made the wrong choice . I should have gone with Schaller from the beginning . I have replaced all my strap locks with Schaller with excellent results .	1
I would think it would be reasonable to assume that this would fit a Squier Bullet Strat , but the holes did n't line up , it did n't fit between the neck and the bridge , in fact , it was completely wrong . Nice quality though .	-1
I have a number of guitars and keep them all on stand in my music room . This stand is sturdy and protects the guitar well .	1
It 's a cable . It works great . I do n't see any reason to spend more money on a short cable like this .	1
I have played guitar/bass for quite some time and have used numerous tuners ranging those those big Korg strobe tuners to my latest Sabine STX-1100 . I liked the big Boss TU-1000 but that is overkill unless in certain situations.I was at a big jam in a nightclub around Christmas and saw a bunch of guys using clamp on tuners of varying brands and thought I would try one . I looked at the Amazon offerings and after reading reviews settled on this one over the SN1 or SN2.This is too easy and my guitar has never stayed in tune like this before . It requires no input from your guitar so can be used any time . The only thing I do n't like about it is it does n't really like the E string of my bass . I do n't think it picks up those long wavelengths so well . I will try the SN8 shortly and give this one to a friend.I do recommend this for guitarists because you will always be in tune no matter the tuning . If you leave it on while soloing you can see what notes you are playing . I am my own guitar tech , as well as for a friend , and I can set the intonation perfectly with this thing.Get a Snark and you will be happy.Edit - I do n't like to use this with my PRS as the headstock has very little room to clip this to . The only place to clip is the very end and you are fighting tuning keys for space at that point . If you can get it there comfortably it works but nothing like with a Fender or Gibson ; both which have plenty of space on the headstock .	1
I like purchasing the 3 pack because I have multiple guitars and these were replacement strings . You ca n't beat the price . I have started purchasing a lot of my guitar supplies this way .	1
I have four of these - and will continue to use this product . You 'll purchase this system first , then all you need to do is get the replacement packs . For my Taylor Baby , the string spacing was a little small , but there was no problem inserting the pack in my other three guitars . Very easy to use . As a recommendation for keeping your guitar in good condition , I would also buy a humidity meter so you can keep tabs on the room where you store your instruments .	1
There are n't enough uke straps out there for a good price . This one is great . I take away one star because the padded part could be a bit smaller , lighter .	1
I love this little device : The colors of the display are a nice touch ( red on the left hand side and green on the right ) .The color of the device.The interface is great and the clip works well.It 's very accurate and I love how its chromatic function and the fact that it has a very large letter for the chord ( versus being hard to read ) .A very attractive price . I bought two . It would be easy to have one for travelling purposes and to leave one at home just in case you lose it . And it 's so cheap , it would n't matter if you lost it .	1
I was looking forward to trying these , as I 've loved this company 's product since day one.But I think they 've messed around with the gauge , slapped a meaningless & # 34 ; HD & # 34 ; tag on , and added a few bucks to the price . More profit in someone 's pocket for marketing jargon.I have a smaller-bodied guitar , so these should have , by their claim , given me better balance , but imho , the opposite happened . The bottom dropped out , the top end stopped sizzling , and the middle strings totally took over when I strum with a pick.When I play with fingers it 's better , but not worth spending more money on than the normal .012s I 've been using ( which I think I liked a lot better ) .It 's possible that these work great on the Taylor guitars they were ostensibly designed for ( color me skeptical ) , but I 'd say if you 're happy with what you have , you need not try these.Again , long-time user and big fan , but paying extra money for a slightly different gauge and a silly & # 34 ; HD & # 34 ; moniker ... no thanks .	-1
I use this when myOn Stage Microphone 13-inch Gooseneck , Blackare too long for what I want to do . Sometimes - on rare occasions - I have used this to extend the length of the 13 '' model.The mic I mainly use this with is aNady DM70 Drum and Instrument Microphone , which is small , relatively light , and works with saxophones as well as drums and cymbals . When I am using that mic for alto and tenor sax , I use anOn Stage MY550 Microphone Extension Attachment Barto clamp to the pole of a regular microphone stand , and attach the gooseneck and DM70 without using a separate mic stand.Because this and its bigger sibling are so versatile I keep a few of each size around , plus a supply of extra extension attachment bars . In some situations they can be a savior during set up . I will empahsize , though , that anything larger than the DM70 or DM80 ( which is slightly larger and heavier ) , and this may not hold your mic in place .	1
